Asda privacy policy
Asda Mobile 
Personal data includes
a) All information provided by you on activating your Mobile/SIM card; as part of your use of the services; and/or should you choose to register your use of your Mobile number with us 0cf333
b) Call, network and traffic information generated by your use of the Service covered by these terms and conditions or your use of products, services and content accessed via or facilitated by your use of the services covered by these terms and conditions, including but not limited to your Mobile number, the numbers you call, the type, date, time, location, duration and cost of calls, messages or other communications.
c) Information obtained from third party sources such as our suppliers, marketing organisations or credit reference agencies 0cf333
d) If you have special needs we may process sensitive personal data about your health, where you have advised us of those special needs 0cf333
e) Information provided by you about another person. It is your responsibility to ensure that the other individual is aware and has agreed to you passing on such information to us or our partner EE 0cf333
Your personal data may be used for the following general business-related purposes
a) Passed onto our partner EE to assist them in running the Network and providing the services, whether that use is direct or indirect 0cf333
b) Account management such as charging enquiries, and to provide customer care activities (including answering your queries).
c) Processing your applications and orders, and to supply and manage any services or products which we provide.
d) Monitor and maintain the quality and security of the Network (which is provided by our partner, EE) and the services.
e) Protect us, our assets, including any intellectual property rights and our brand, our employees and customers from activities that might cause loss or damage.
f) Comply with any legal, governmental or regulatory requirement imposed on us or in connection with legal proceedings, including in connection with the transfer of any part of our business in respect of which you are a customer or a potential customer.
g) Analyse for the purposes of understanding our customers’ use of our products and services, individual needs and business trends in order to develop and improve our and our group companies’ products and services, new developments, tariffs, special offers, discounts and awards.
h) Activities connected with the running of our business such as personnel training, testing and maintenance of our IT systems.
Use of personal data for marketing purposes
a) We or other members of the ASDA group of companies will use your information to send you marketing messages about our products, services, special offers, discounts and awards by post, telephone and other electronic messaging services such as sms, mms or video 0cf333
b) We may also contact you about the products and services of carefully selected third parties, which we believe may also be of interest to you – without passing control of your personal data to the third party concerned. 
c) If you do not wish to receive these marketing messages from ASDA or wish to change any previously stated preferences, you can notify us by:
* i) sending a Free SMS to 2732 with the word Stop; or
* ii) calling the ASDA Mobile Helpline on 2732 from your Mobile or 0800 079 2732 from any other phone; services provided by third parties In the case of services provided by external parties, ASDA Mobile cannot guarantee that such “stop” messages sent in response to those messages will not be chargeable and should be assumed as attracting a charge.
Inclusion in directory services
We do not include your personal data in any directory or directory enquiry service whether managed by us or a third party, unless you agree to its inclusion. If you wish to have your personal data included in such services, you should contact our ASDA Mobile Helpline.
Disclosure of your personal data
a) We may share your information with our companies in the Wal-Mart Group, some of which are based outside the European Union, who may use your information for the purposes set out above and who are subject to Wal-Mart policies on data protection and security 0cf333
b) We may also pass your personal data to certain third parties 0cf333
(some of which may be based outside of the European Union) where this is either required by law or necessary in order to carry out the services that we provide to you or that you have chosen to use. We will take all necessary steps to ensure that those third parties treat your personal data in accordance with Wal-Mart policies on data protection and security.
c) If you wish to use our products or services abroad, for example, if you wish to roam on a network abroad, it may be necessary to transfer your information outside of the European Union to that country 0cf333
d) Our partner EE will be undertaking some of the marketing and customer services responsibilities on our behalf. Therefore, by using your Mobile you consent to your personal data being shared with EE and any of the companies within the EE Group 0cf333
ASDA WiFi Privacy Policy
Your privacy is really important to us, and we understand how important it is to you. Our aim is to be as clear and open as possible about what we do and why we do it. ASDA is committed to the privacy of all its customers.
This privacy policy describes stores how we use your personal information which may be collected when you use the ASDA Free WiFi Service. This Service is run on ASDA’s behalf by BT 0cf333
Please read this privacy policy carefully before using the WiFi Service.
Your Personal Information
When you use the WiFi Service, the following Personal Information will be collected from you or your mobile phone, tablet or other device 0cf333
* Your name and email address
* Location data and device identifiers (MAC Address and IMEI Number)
* How you use the WiFi Service
* Your communications with us or BT in connection with the WiFi Service
* Your marketing preferences
How we use your Personal Information
We will use this Personal Information to deliver the ASDA Free WiFi Service including troubleshooting services and for the purposes described below 0cf333
Marketing
We may use your Personal Information to inform you, by letter, phone, SMS, email or otherwise, about special offers and products and services that we think may be of interest to you 0cf333
If you do not wish to receive such marketing, you can opt when registering to use Asda Free Wifi or by using the link at the bottom of our emails, the STOP function on SMS and the FREEPOST address on postal mailings.
Market research
From time to time, we may also use your Personal Information to contact you for market research purposes 0cf333 .
 We may contact you by letter, phone, SMS, email or otherwise. See the Marketing section above to learn how you can opt-out of such communications.
Who we share your Personal Information with
We will not sell, distribute or lease your Personal Information to third parties (other than our Partners) unless you say we can or are required by law.
We need to share your Personal Information with BT in order, to provide the ASDA Free WIFI service 0cf333
We may need to share it with our advisors and appropriate third parties for the purposes of fraud prevention, or if ASDA itself, or any of our business is bought or sold 0cf333
We may also be required by law to share it with police or government agencies for crime prevention and detection and for national security purposes 0cf333
SecurityAt ASDA, Personal Information security is very important and we have taken many steps to make sure your shopping experience with us is secure.. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your Personal Information, we have put in place suitable physical, technical and organisational measures to protect and secure Personal Information.
Storage of your Personal Information
We will not store your Personal Information for any longer than necessary. However we may be obliged by law to store your communications and Personal Information including activity logs 0cf333
 and we may need to show details of these to government or authorised officials upon request. 
Your Rights
You have a right to access the Personal Information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the Personal Information ASDA holds about you, please write to us at the following address enclosing your postal order or a cheque for £10, which we are entitled by law to charge, payable to ASDA Stores Limited.
Contact Details
Email: DataProtection@asda.co.uk
Address: Data Privacy Officer
Compliance Team
ASDA Stores Limited
ASDA House
Great Wilson Street
Southbank
Leeds
LS11 5AD 42
Notification of changes to this Privacy Policy
If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a way different from that told to you at the time it was collected, we will tell you. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your Personal Information in this different manner.
Contact us/give us feedback
We want to make sure we're giving you the Personal Information about privacy and security that you want - let us know what you think. If you have any feedback, questions or concerns, please contact us.
Thank you for visiting our Privacy Policy for our WiFi Service.
Asda Gift Card – Privacy Policy. 
 
Our Privacy Mission Statement:
At ASDA, we value the trust placed in us by customers, suppliers and colleagues who give us their personal data. Data security is one of our highest priorities and we aim to be as clear as possible about what we do with personal data and why we do it.
Our Privacy Statement for ASDA websites
Your privacy is really important to us, and we understand how important it is to you. Our aim is to be as clear and open as possible about what we do and why we do it. ASDA is committed to the online privacy of all its users.
This Privacy Policy regulates the use by ASDA and its partner companies of the information you provide when using ASDA websites.
ASDA Gift Cards is operated by SVM Global, a trading name of SVM Global ("we", "our") under contract with ASDA
We operate this site in order to promote products and services and, where these are provided by our partners, to be the interface between our customers and our partners. Our partners may have their own privacy policies which you should also view.
Where we refer to an order in this policy, this includes an order for goods or services, registration on a site, an application for a quotation or application for a product or service or opening an account.



Information We Collect
To be able to use this service we have to collect certain information from you. As part of this, you are required to give your contact information. We use the information given to us by you to provide the service you request from us in the way that is set out in this privacy policy. You can change your registration details easily through the account facilities available on the website or by getting in touch with our Data Privacy Officer at the address below.
User name and password – if we collect a user name and password, this is so we can keep your information safe and so that we can have your information to hand each time you visit us.
Name, address and postcode – without this we won't know where to send your order or to whom. We also use postcodes to quickly get your full address to save you typing it out, and in some cases to identify whether we deliver or offer services in your area.
Age/date of birth – we may need to collect your age or date of birth in order to be able to sell you certain products, such as insurance, financial services products or alcohol, and we may also use this to send you age or birthday related offers if you agree.
Email address – we send a confirmation of your orders via email.
Telephone numbers – if there are any problems with your order or we need to check anything, we need to be able to contact you quickly.
Where you heard about us – we may ask you this to help make our marketing more efficient.
Correspondence – if you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Sensitive personal data – sensitive personal data includes, for example, information related to your health, race or ethnic origin or religion. We may need sensitive personal data from you for certain products and services, and in some cases, we may be able to assume sensitive personal data about you from the information you provide. By letting us have any sensitive personal data, you expressly consent to us using and telling others about any of your sensitive personal data 0cf333
 so we can provide you with the goods or services requested by you in the way set out in this Privacy Policy.
Third party information – if you give us information about another person, (for example if someone else is taking delivery for you or is included in the purchase of a product) you confirm that you have identified ASDA to them and told them what we will use their information for, as set out in this Privacy Policy and that they have given permission for us to be able to use their personal information in the manner described.
IP addresses – when you visit our site, we will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device 0cf333
You may also provide us with personal information if you contact customer services 0cf333 .if you enter promotions or competitions run by us or if you get in touch with us in some other way, for example by way of an email facility provided on the website 0cf333



How We Use The Information We Collect
Our main uses of your information are explained above which in general is to process your orders, as well as to help us understand your needs and provide you with a better service. Your account may be used to store information about your previous purchases, personal preferences and shopping lists. But you should also be aware of the following uses:
Marketing – we (including our group companies and partners) and carefully selected third parties may use the information we collect to inform you, by letter, phone, SMS, push notification or equivalent, or email, about offers, products and services that we think may be of interest to you and we may tell you about other organisations' products and services. We will tell you about this when we collect your information and if you do not wish to receive these communications, please let us know. You can change your mind at any time by going to the account facilities available on the website or by contacting our Data Protection Officer at the address below. You can also unsubscribe following the instructions that we will include in any communication, such as email or text, we send to you.
Customer care and correspondence – as part of our customer care procedures, we may follow-up, either by letter, phone, SMS or email, customers who have purchased goods or services from our website or who have posted comments about ASDA on the internet, for example to resolve a complaint or to ask for a testimonial.
Market research – from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by letter, phone, SMS or email.
Personalise shopping – we may personalise your experience by using your past purchases and browsing habits to present special offers and new products and services that we think may be of interest to you. As technology develops this will really help us to improve our service to you.
Website improvement – to help us design our website and improve your experience, we may collect information about the way you use and access our website. Our web system collects information about each visitor, including IP address, the length of time spent on the website and the order in which pages are visited. We may employ third party experts to help us look at this information. However, we make sure that anyone we employ treats all information with the same sensitivity and security that we treat it. This is explained in more detail in the cookies section below.
Fraud Prevention – in order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may look at the information that we get from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, and may pass this to other group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way. When you apply for products or services through our website you may also be required to go through a more detailed credit check on terms which will tell you about you first.



Cookies
Our sites use a number of different cookies. Below we explain the cookies we use and why we use them.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
* Persistent cookies
* Persistent cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically.
* Session cookies
* Session cookies remain on your device until you close your browser when they are automatically deleted.



Cookies we use and why we use them:
* Essential cookies
* Essential cookies are technical cookies that are required for the operation of our sites. Without essential cookies our sites cant operate properly. Essential cookies include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
* Performance cookies
* Performance cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our sites and to see how visitors move around them. This helps us to improve the way our sites work by enabling us to tailor our sites to the way visitors use them. The information we collect from performance cookies is aggregated which means that we cannot identify you from it.
* Experience cookies
* Experience cookies allow our sites to remember the choices you make. 0 Our sites use experience cookies to provide you with enhanced and personalised features. For example, we use information collected through what are known as web-analytic cookies to compare the choices you make to those of our other customers so that we can learn from those choices. Information collected by experience cookies cannot track your browsing activity when you leave our sites to browse other sites.
* Marketing cookies
* Marketing cookies record your visits to our sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our sites and the advertising displayed on them more relevant to your interests. For example sometimes we use marketing cookies to limit the number of times that you see an advert. Sometimes we share information about your browsing activity, (which we have collected from cookies), with our advertising partners. They may use this information to advertise products, which may interest you, on other sites.



Your right to refuse cookies and what happens if you refuse them
You can refuse cookies by activating the relevant setting on your browser. However, if you do so you may not be able to access all or parts of our sites. If you carry on using our sites and do not change your browser settings we will assume you consent to us using cookies as described above.



Who We Share the Information With
We will not sell your personal information to third parties other than our subsidiaries, affiliates or parent companies unless you say we can (for example for carefully selected third parties to contact you) or are required by law. We may share your information with third parties to process and fulfil your order, to provide services you request, for business analysis purposes, for the purposes of fraud prevention or if ASDA itself, or any of our business is bought or sold 0cf333
Market Research – we may provide information at an aggregated statistical level about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties, but this information will not identify individuals.
Processing by third parties – from time to time we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include completing orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, confirming contact details, looking at information, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments and providing customer service (such as through our call centre staff located in the UK or South Africa). They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. They must also process the personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the UK's Data Protection Act.
International transfers – in order to carry out the steps set out above we may send your personal information outside of the European Economic Area and, if necessary, across international borders 0cf333 .  The data protection laws in these countries may not be as comprehensive as in the European Economic Area. However, we have taken appropriate steps to make sure the same level of protection for the processing carried out in these countries as within the European Economic Area. Any details you provide may be electronically sent to the US to our parent company Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which helps us in running our websites. However, any such information will be dealt with in accordance with the UK's Data Protection Act.



Storage of Data
We will not store your personal information for any longer than we need to, however we may be obliged by law to store your communications and personal information including activity logs and we may need to show details of these to government or authorised officials upon request. Like many websites, we use log files to monitor the effectiveness of our online marketing programmes.



Access Rights
You have a right to access the personal information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information ASDA holds about you, please write to us at the following address enclosing your postal details and a cheque for £10, which we are entitled by law to charge, payable to ASDA Stores Limited:
Data Privacy Officer, 
Privacy Team, 
ASDA Stores Limited, 
ASDA House, 
Great Wilson Street, 
Southbank, 
Leeds, 
LS11 5AD



Security
At ASDA, information security is very important and we have taken many steps to make sure your shopping experience with us is secure. Information about you will be kept safe and secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your information, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect and secure information that is collected online.
Keeping your information secure - to help us keep your information confidential you should:
* Keep your password secret.
* Never distribute the website addresses for pages that you have looked at while logged in as a registered customer.
Password – you should choose a password that is not obvious or known to anyone else. You should never give a third party your password, as you will be responsible for all activity and charges incurred through use of your password whether authorised by you or not.
If you forget your password, you can request a new password, which will be emailed to the address we hold for you. You can change your password anytime through the account facilities on the website. Should we think that there is likely to be, or has been any breach of security, we may change your password and notify you of the change by email.
Security in our offices – access to your information is restricted in our stores and offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal data. The servers that store this information are kept in a secure environment.



Links
Our website may contain links to let you to visit other websites of interest easily. Once you have used these links to leave our website, you should be aware that we do not have any control over that other website. As such we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting these websites, and they are not governed by this Privacy Policy. ASDA is not responsible for any products and/or services featured on any third party website. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question.



Notification of Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this website so you know what information we collect and how we use it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will tell you. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.



Feedback
We want to make sure we're giving you the information about privacy and security that you want - let us know what you think. If you have any feedback, questions or concerns, please email us at dataprotection@asda.co.uk.
The personal information we collect depends on the products and services you have and how you use them. We’ve explained the different ways we use your personal information below.
* To provide you with products and services
We’ll use your personal information to provide you with products and services 0cf333 This applies when you register for or buy a product or service from us. Or if you register for an online account with us or download and register on one of our apps.
This means we’ll:
* record details about the products and services you use or order from us 0cf333
* send you product or service-information messages (we’ll send you messages to confirm your order and tell you about any changes that might affect your service, like when we have infrastructure work planned or need to fix something)
* update you on when we’ll deliver, connect or install your products and services
* let you create and log in to the online accounts we run
* charge you and make sure your payment reaches us 0cf333
* filter any content you ask us to, through your Parental Controls settings (or any content our partners ask us to, such as for a Wi-Fi hotspot)
* give information to someone else 0cf333(if we need to for the product or service you’ve ordered) or to another communications provider if you’re buying some services from them and us (if we do this, we still control your personal information and we have strict controls in place to make sure it’s properly protected); and
* support you more if you are a vulnerable customer
We use the following to provide products and services and manage your account:
* Your contact details and other information to confirm your identity and your communications with us. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth, email address, passwords and credentials (such as the security questions and answers we have on your account)
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
Your communications with us, including emails, webchats and phone calls. We’ll also keep records of any settings or communication preferences you choose
* Information from cookies placed on your connected devices that we need so we can provide a service 0cf333
We use this information to carry out our contract (or to prepare a contract) and provide products or services to you.  If you don’t give us the correct information or ask us to delete it, we might not be able to provide you with the product or service you ordered from us.
If you tell us you have a disability or otherwise need support, we’ll note that you are a vulnerable customer, but only if you give your permission or if we have to for legal or regulatory reasons. For example, if you told us about a disability we need to be aware of when we deliver our services to you, we have to record that information so we don’t repeatedly ask you about it.  We will also record the details of a Power of Attorney we have been asked to log against your account 0cf333

We’ll use your personal information if we consider it is in our legitimate business interests so that we can operate as an efficient and effective business 0cf333 . We use your information to:
* identify, and let you know about, products and services that interest you 
* share within the BT Group for administrative purposes
* create aggregated and anonymised information for further use
* detect and prevent fraud; and
* secure and protect our network
 
To market to you and to identify products and services that interest you
We’ll use your personal information to send you direct marketing and to better identify products and services that interest you 0cf333 . We do that if you’re one of our customers or if you’ve been in touch with us another way (such as entering a prize promotion or competition).
This means we’ll:
* create a profile about you to better understand you as a customer and tailor the communications we send you (including our marketing messages); 
* tell you about other products and services you might be interested in;
* recommend better ways to manage what you spend with us, like suggesting a more suitable product based on what you use;
* try to identify products and services you’re interested in; and
* show you more relevant online advertising and work with other well-known brands to make theirs more suitable too 
We use the following for marketing and to identify the products and services you’re interested in:
* Your contact details. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth and email address
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Information from cookies and tags placed on your connected devices 0cf333
* Information from other organisations such as aggregated demographic data, data brokers (such as Acxiom and Edit), our partners and publicly available sources like the electoral roll and business directories
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records 0cf333
We’ll send you information (about the products and services we provide) by phone, post, email, text message, online banner advertising or a notice using our apps or on your TV set-top box. We also use the information we have about you to personalise these messages wherever we can as we believe it is important to make them relevant to you.  We do this because we have a legitimate business interest in keeping you up to date with our products and services, making them relevant to you and making sure you manage your spending with us.  We also check that you are happy for us to send you marketing messages by text or emailbefore we do so. In each message we send, you also have the option to opt out.
We’ll only use your call, browser and some TV records 0cf333(such as programmes you watch on channels we provide that are produced by other organisations) to personalise our offers as long as you are happy for us to do so.
We’ll only market other organisations’ products and services if you have said it is OK for us to do so.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing information or withdraw your permission at any time, as set out in the 'How to contact us and further details' section below.
Read our cookie policy for more details on how we use cookies.
 
To create aggregated and anonymised data
We’ll use your personal information to create aggregated and anonymised information 0cf333 Nobody can identify you from that information and we’ll use it to:
* make sure our network is working properly and continuously improve and develop our network and products and services for our customers
* run management and corporate reporting, research and analytics, and to improve the business; and
* provide other organisations with aggregated and anonymous reports 0cf333
We use the following to generate aggregated and anonymised information 0cf333
* Your gender, address and date of birth
* Information about what you buy from us, how you ordered it and how you pay for it, for example, broadband ordered online and paid for on a monthly basis 0cf333
* Information from cookies and tags placed on your computer 0cf333
* Information from other organisations who provide aggregated demographic information, data brokers (such as Acxiom and Edit), our partners and publicly available sources like the electoral roll and business directories
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records 0cf333
We have a legitimate interest in generating insights that will help us operate our network and business or would be useful to other organisations. 
 
To develop our business and build a better understanding of what our customers want
This means we’ll:
* maintain, develop and test our network (including managing the traffic on our network), products and services, to provide you with a better service
* train our people and suppliers to provide you with products and services (but we make the information anonymous beforehand wherever possible)
* create a profile about you to better understand you as our customer
* share personal information within the BT Group for administrative purposes, such as sharing contact details so we can get in touch with you; and 0cf333
* run surveys and market research about our products
We use the following information to do this.
* Your contact details
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Your communications with us, including emails, webchats and phone calls (and any recordings made)
* Information from cookies placed on your connected devices 0cf333
* make and defend claims to protect our business interests
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address and static IP address, if it applies) and TV records. 0cf333
If we use this information for market research, training, testing, development purposes, defend or bring claims or to create a profile about you, we do so because it is in our legitimate business interests of running an efficient and effective business which can adapt to meet our customers’ needs.
We create a profile about you based on what you have ordered from us and how you use our products and services.  This helps us tailor the offers we share with you.  You can ask us to stop profiling you for marketing purposes at any time, as set out above.
 
To run credit and fraud prevention checks
Before we provide you with a product or service (including upgrades or renewals), or sometimes when you use our products and services, we’ll use personal information you have given us together with information we have collected from credit reference agencies (such as Experian or Equifax), the Interactive Media in Retail Group (IMRG) security alert, or fraud prevention agencies 0cf333 (such as Cifas).  We use this information to manage our credit risk, and prevent and detect fraud and money laundering.  We’ll also use these organisations to confirm your identity. When they get a search from us, a 'footprint' goes on your file which other organisations might see. We might also share the information with other organisations 0cf333 . We do this because it’s in our, and the organisations’, legitimate interests to prevent fraud and money laundering, and to check identities, to protect our business and to keep to laws that apply to us.
Details of the personal information that will be used include your name, address, date of birth, contact details, financial information, employment details and device identifiers, including IP address and vehicle details 0cf333 .
If you don’t become one of our customers, we’ll still keep the result of our credits checks about you if we have a legal obligation and it’s in our legitimate interests to help prevent or detect fraud 0cf333 . Fraud prevention agencies can hold your personal information for different periods of time, and if you are considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your information can be held by us and the organisations we share it with for up to six years.
If you give us false or inaccurate information which we identify as fraudulent, we’ll pass that on to fraud prevention agencies. We might also share it with law enforcement agencies, as may the agencies we have shared the information with.
If you tell us you’re associated with someone else financially (for example, by marriage or civil partnership), we’ll link your records together.  So you must make sure you have their agreement to share information about them. The agencies we share the information with also link your records together and these links will stay on your and their files – unless you or your partner successfully asks the agency to break that link.
If we, a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, decide that you are a credit, fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services or financing you have asked for, or we may stop providing existing services to you.
The credit reference and fraud prevention agencies will keep a record of any fraud or money laundering risk and this may result in other organisations refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. If you have any questions about this, please get in touch with us using the contact details found in the 'How to contact us and further details' section below.
We send credit reference and fraud prevention agencies information about applications, and they keep that information. We might also give them details of your accounts and bills, including how you manage them. This includes telling them about your account balances, what you pay us and if you miss a payment 0cf333 . So if you don't pay your bills on time, credit reference agencies will record that. They, or a fraud prevention agency, might tell others doing similar checks – including organisations trying to trace you or recover money you owe them.
There are different credit reference agencies in the UK (for example, Callcredit, Equifax and Experian). Each one might hold different information about you 0cf333 . If you want to find out what information they have on you, they may charge you a small fee 0cf333 .
Whenever credit reference and fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area, they place contractual responsibilities on the organisation receiving it to protect your information to the standard required in the European Economic Area. They may also make the organisation receiving the information subscribe to ‘international frameworks’ aimed at sharing information securely.
Here are links to the information notice for each of the three main Credit Reference Agencies. 
Callcredit
Equifax
Experian
 
To collect debt
If you don’t pay your bills, we might ask a debt-recovery agency to collect what you owe. We’ll give them information about you (such as your contact details) and your account (the amount of the debt) and may choose to sell the debt to another organisation to allow us to receive the amount due. 
To prevent and detect crime
We’ll use your personal information to help prevent and detect crime and fraud. We’ll also use it to prevent and detect criminal attacks on our network or against your equipment.  We monitor traffic over our network, trace nuisance or malicious calls, and track malware and cyber-attacks.
To do that we use the following information, but only where strictly necessary.
* Your contact details and other information to confirm your identity and communications with us. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth, email address, passwords and credentials (for example, security questions). We do not store the original copy of your password. Instead we keep it in a form that allows us to authenticate you but does not allow us to work out what your original password is
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Information from credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records 0cf333 CCTV footage in our shops and buildings
We use this personal information because we have a legitimate interest in protecting our network and business from attacks and to prevent and detect crime and fraud. We also share it with other organisations (such as other communications providers and banks) who have the same legitimate interests.  Doing this helps make sure our network works properly and helps protect you from attacks. 
If you call the emergency services, we’ll give them information about you and where you are so they can help. We do this because it is necessary to protect you, or another person, and because it is in our interests to help the emergency services in providing help to you.

We might have to release personal information about you to meet our legal and regulatory obligations 0cf333 .
To law enforcement agencies
Under investigatory powers legislation, we might have to share personal information about you to government and law-enforcement agencies, such as the police, to help detect and stop crime, prosecute offenders and protect national security 0cf333 .
They might ask for the following details.
* Your contact details. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth, email address, passwords and credentials (such as your security questions and answers) needed to confirm your identity and your communications with us
* Your communications with us, such as calls, emails and webchats
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records.
The balance between privacy and investigatory powers is challenging. We share your personal information when the law says we have to, but we have strong oversight of what we do and get expert advice to make sure we’re doing the right thing to protect your right to privacy.You can read more about our approach to investigatory powers in our report on Privacy and free expression in UK communications. And you can see the terms of reference for our oversight body here.
We’ll also share personal information about you where we have to legally share it with another person 0cf333 .  That might be when a law says we have to share that information or because of a court order.
In limited circumstances, we may also share your information with other public authorities, even if we do not have to 0cf333 . However, we would need to be satisfied that a request for information is lawful and proportionate (in other words, appropriate to the request). And we would need appropriate assurances about security and how the information is used and how long it is kept. 
 
For regulatory reasons
We’ll also use your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records to find the best way of routing your communications through the various parts of our network, equipment and systems as required by our regulator.
If you order a phone service, we’ll ask if you want your details included in our directory services such as our Phone Book. If you do, we’ll publish your details and share that information with other providers of directory services. Ex-directory numbers aren’t included and will not appear in The Phone Book.

Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply from the 31st August 2018
We know you hate it, we do too, but here's the small print.
We ask you to accept these Terms and Conditions when you order your SIM card and your activation of the Service means that you accept them.
We'll keep these Terms and Conditions up-to-date at giffgaff.com at the link at the bottom of every page. If we make a significant change, we’ll contact you to let you know or post information on our Forum.
Here’s a summary of some important terms:
* If you have a goodybag or gigabag, your inclusive allowance covers standard mainland UK calls, texts and data and roaming within the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. Special numbers and services (such as roaming charges, international calls, premium rate numbers and some 08 numbers) are not included. Sometimes the allowances may change, but we’ll always let you know in advance if they do. Check giffgaff.com for more details about Charges and our latest rates so you know how much your usage will cost you.
* Our Service isn’t available everywhere in the UK. You can check predicted network coverage in your area by using our Network Service Checker. The Services are not fault-free and the speed and quality of your connection, for example, can be affected by things like the thickness of the walls of the building you’re in, technical issues and the number of members near you trying to access the Services at the same time. We’ll carry out maintenance on the Network from time to time. We use reasonable skill and care in providing you with the Services and will attempt to re-perform disrupted Services when possible.
* Content on your device can sometimes contain minor defects or bugs, so it’s a good idea to always keep your Content up-to-date.
* If we believe you’re using the Service fraudulently, illegally, in a way that harms our Network or the experience of others, or for business use (amongst other things) we will cancel your Service.
Contents:
1.Explanation of Certain Words
2. Provision of Service
3. Your use of the Service
4. The Charges
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
6. Bundles
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
8. Our Website
9. Device Orders
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
11. Internet Access
12. Limitation of Liability
13. Cancellation Rights
14. Mobile phone locking
15. Promotions
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
18. General
19. How to Contact Us
[Top]
1. Explanation of Certain Words
1.1. In these Terms and conditions:
"Account"
means the giffgaff account which records details of the amount of airtime balance you have, from time to time;
"Affiliates"
means Means members or companies who have officially join or become attached to giffgaff;
"AIT"
means Artificially Inflated Traffic, which occurs where the flow of calls, texts or data, which could be in connection with a revenue share service, is disproportionate to the flow of calls, texts or data that would be expected from good faith commercial practice and usage of the Network;
"Auto Top-up"
means a recurring payment method that enables you to automatically top up the credit on your Account by an amount that you have previously selected;
"Blog"
means the community blog webpage on giffgaff.com;
"Bundle"
means a certain Service allowance for use in conjunction with a SIM Card and a mobile phone device as may change from time to time and as described on giffgaff.com;
"Charges"
means all the prices associated with the Service as described on giffgaff.com;
"Community Guidelines"
means the guidelines regulating your involvement in the giffgaff community as published here;
"Content"
means textual, visual or other information, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound and other material appearing on or available through the Service including all information supplied by content providers from time to time;
“EU and selected destinations”
means Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Martinique, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion Islands, Romania, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Vatican City;
"Forum"
means the community forum webpage on giffgaff.com;
"gigabag"
means a data-only Bundle;
"goodybag"
means a Bundle including minutes, texts and data;
"GSM Gateway"
means a device (not designed or adapted to be capable of being used whilst in motion) designed or adapted to be connected by wireless telegraphy to the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator and used solely for the purpose of sending or receiving messages conveyed by means of the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator;
"Intellectual Property Rights"
means: (i) any (and any rights subsisting in any) patents, designs, trademarks and trade names (whether registered or unregistered), copyright and related rights, moral rights, database rights, know-how and confidential information; (ii) all other intellectual property rights and similar or equivalent rights anywhere in the world which currently exist or are recognised in the future; and (iii) applications, extensions and renewals in relation to any such rights
"Member"
means an individual engaged in the giffgaff community and a user of the Service;
"Member Services"
means the agents who support Members in their use of the Service, whose contact details are found on giffgaff.com;
"Network"
means the cellular telecommunication system run by Telefónica UK Limited;
"Participation"
means such involvement in giffgaff’s Member community as giffgaff may, from time to time, deem eligible for award of Payback Points, as described in more detail in the Community Guildelines;
"Payback Date"
means the date on which Members receive Payback Points, such date to be specified by giffgaff from time to time;
"Payback Points"means the points you are awarded by us for your Participation;
"Phone"
A device that is able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Queued Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been paid for in advance by a Member, on a one-off basis, to automatically apply on expiry of the Member’s current Bundle;
"Recurring Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been requested by a Member to recur automatically each time the Member’s existing Bundle expires;
"Rights"
means copyright, trademark and other relevant proprietary and Intellectual Property Rights relating to Content;
"Service"
means any or all of the following services: airtime service enabling you to make or receive calls and to send and receive data (via, for example, WAP, GPRS, 3G or 4G) by means of the Network, the ability to send and receive email via the Internet, the ability to access information from the Internet, the ability to access and use the giffgaff blog or forum, and any additional services we agree to provide to you;
"SIM Activation"
means the process of creating an Account, making your first top-up or Bundle purchase and activating a SIM Card online at giffgaff.com;
"SIM Card"
means a card or other device provided to you by giffgaff and bearing a unique telephone number programmed to allow a mobile device to access the Service;
"Spread giffgaff"
means a type of Participation whereby a Member orders a SIM Card via another Member, who then qualifies for Payback Points on activation of that SIM Card;
"Tablet"
A device that is not able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Terms and Conditions"
means these terms and conditions;
"We", "us", “giffgaff” and "our" 
means giffgaff Limited, 260 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 4DX; and
"You" 
means the Member to whom the Terms and Conditions apply, and it includes a person who we reasonably believe is acting with your authority.
1.2. giffgaff.com contains explanations, definitions, notes and conditions which form part of these Terms and Conditions.
1.3. The Service and any offers, competitions, prize draws, promotions and/or trials made available by us from time to time may be subject to supplemental terms as advertised in our marketing literature and/or as set out on giffgaff.com. Please check giffgaff.comregularly as any such terms may be updated from time to time, and your participation in any such offer, promotion and/or trial will mean you have accepted such terms.
[Top]
2. Provision of Service
2.1 We will provide the Service to you, and you will be entitled to the quality of Service generally provided by a competent mobile telecommunications service provider exercising reasonable skill and care. However, the Service is not fault free and we will not be liable to you if it is impaired by geographic, atmospheric, Network traffic or other conditions or circumstances beyond our control, including but not limited to the following:
* a) The Service is subject to Network coverage and is not available in all parts of the United Kingdom, the EU and selected destinations or in all other countries; and
* b) The Network may from time to time require upgrading, modification, maintenance or other work which may result in partial or complete non-availability of the Service.
2.2. We may exercise our discretion, using reasonable skill and care, to refuse to provide any part of the Service to you. This may involve barring certain numbers from the Service on a temporary or permanent basis, in circumstances where it is necessary for us to do so 0cf333
2.3. We will use reasonable endeavours to maintain Content but it may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and is provided on an "as is" basis. You accept that we will not be liable for any action you take in reliance on Content as a condition of us allowing you access to such Content.
2.4. giffgaff (or our agents where relevant) reserve the right to:
* a) Restrict access to certain elements of the Service due to age restrictions; and
* b) Vary Content and/or the technical specification of Service from time to time.
2.5. Occasionally we may need to:
* a) Alter the number of your mobile phone, or any other name, code or number associated with the Service for reasons beyond our control such as where requested to do so by a governmental authority or regulatory body or where we reasonably believe that the alteration will enhance your use of the Service. If this is the case we will give you reasonable notice; and/or 0cf333 
* b) Temporarily suspend the Service (or any part of it) for operational reasons or in an emergency or for your security 0cf333
2.6. We will provide you with a SIM Card which shall remain, at all times, our property.
2.7. Maximum call duration is 9 hours.
2.8. Some elements of the Service (including, but not limited to 4G service set-up) may require activation following purchase, which may take up to 24 hours.
2.9. You may only use our services in the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, like holidays or short breaks. If you’re not genuinely using our services for periodic travel we may have to charge you for, or suspend you from, using our services in the EU and selected destinations 0cf333
2.10. The countries covered in the EU and selected destinations may change from time to time and do not include Monaco, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man and Switzerland. Please see our roaming page for details of what countries are included in the EU and selected destinations.
2.11. We may cap your data allowance in the EU and selected destinations. Any use in excess of these caps will be charged at 0.6p. For data level of cap and rates to be charged see our roaming page.
2.12. In the EU and selected destinations, making calls or sending texts to premium rate numbers, directory service numbers and some non-geographic numbers (which can vary over time) aren’t included.
2.13. All use of our services will be subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. We may suspend or terminate your access to our services in the event that you breach our Fair Usage Guidelines 0cf333
[Top]
3. Your use of the Service
3.1. You may only use Content in a way that does not infringe the Rights of others and you must comply with all other instructions issued by us regarding use of Content. You shall not store, modify, transmit, distribute, broadcast, or publish any part of Content other than in compliance with such instruction. The re-selling, copying or incorporation into any other work of part or all of the Content in any form is prohibited save that you may print or download extracts of Content for your personal use only.
3.2. You are solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any Content and the value and integrity of goods and services offered by third parties over the Service. We will not be a party to or in any way responsible for any transaction concerning third party goods and services, except in the case of negligence on our part.
3.3. You must provide us with a current email address and you must maintain this address and advise us promptly of any changes to it. It is your responsibility to verify that your email mailbox is in proper working order and you must assume the risk of all consequences for errors in sending and receiving email, unless caused by our negligence.
3.4. To use some of our Services, for example mobile internet, data, picture messages and text messages, you will need to ensure your mobile device is compatible and enabled.
3.5. Your use of the Services must be for your private, personal and non-commercial purposes. You may only use a device with an IMEI number associated with it on the Network and you will not use or permit anyone else to use your SIM Card:
* a) For any form of automated usage of mobile services;
* b) In such a way that adversely impacts the service to other giffgaff Members;
* c) Fraudulently, illegally or in breach of any law or statutory duty;
* d) To make a call or send a message, to take a picture or video or send, upload, download, use or re-use any material which is offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing, a nuisance (including to our staff) or a hoax, in breach of any Rights or privacy or otherwise unlawful;
* e) To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety as set out in the Communications Act 2003;
* f) Other than in accordance with acceptable use policies of any connected Networks and any relevant Internet standards;
* g) To generate AIT;
* h) via a GSM Gateway so that the Service is provided via the GSM Gateway to third parties; or
* i) To persistently send unsolicited communications 0cf333
and you shall, at all times:
* k) Ensure the information you have provided to us in Participation or otherwise is accurate and up-to-date; and
* l) Comply with these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines and any other supplemental terms and conditions which may be set out in marketing material or on giffgaff.com from time to time;
* m) Ensure any Participation you undertake is done in a manner compliant with all law and regulation, does not generate any serious complaint about you (whether or not it is ultimately proven) and in such a way as to not bring giffgaff into any disrepute;
* n) Not do anything or permit anyone else to do anything which we reasonably think adversely impacts the Service to other giffgaff Members or may adversely affect the Network; and
* o) Not be abusive, make threats, repeatedly cause a nuisance or annoyance or otherwise act illegally towards the giffgaff community, our employees, agents or property.
If giffgaff reasonably suspects you are not acting in accordance with the conditions of this clause, giffgaff reserves its right to impose standard Charges and/or Network protection controls (which may reduce your speed of transmission); remove a Bundle and/or Payback Points from your account or block access to the Internet at any time; prevent you from purchasing further Bundles; remove any free minutes allocated to you; stop your entitlement to Payback Points; and/or bar or suspend your SIM Card from the Service.
3.6. If your SIM Card is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed or used without your authority, you will contact giffgaff immediately and cooperate with us in our reasonable security and other checks. We reserve the right to bar or suspend your SIM Card where we reasonably suspect it has been lost or stolen.
3.7. You must tell us immediately by emailing datacontroller@giffgaff.co.uk, if anyone makes or threatens to make any claim or issue legal proceedings against you relating to your use of the Service or the Content and you will, at our request, immediately stop the act or acts complained of. If we ask you to, you must confirm the details of the claim(s) in writing.
3.8. If you do not want your number displayed on receiving mobile phones, Key 141 before the number you wish to call. Otherwise you agree that we may allow the display of your telephone number on receiving handsets. Your number will be disclosed in relation to calls you make to emergency services.
[Top]
4. The Charges
4.1. In return for your payment of the Charges we will provide you with the applicable Service.
4.2. You can purchase access to the Service in various ways, including via:
* a) Purchase of one-off airtime credit;
* b) Setting your Account to Auto Top-up;
* c) Buying a one-off Bundle;
* d) Setting your Account to apply a Queued Bundle; and/or
* e) Setting your Account to apply Recurring Bundles.
4.3. You can pay the Charges using a giffgaff-approved top-up voucher, PayPal or debit or credit card that giffgaff accepts. By using PayPal or debit or credit card you confirm it is yours or you have permission from the account holder or cardholder to use it.
4.4. You can make free UK calls, texts, call forwarding and video calls to other Members subject to you topping-up or purchasing a Bundle using a credit/debit card or voucher once every 3 months. Such calls are at no extra cost for the first 60 minutes per call, after which the call will be charged using Charges applicable to standard non-giffgaff UK mobile pricing.
4.5. We may increase or decrease the Charges at any time (including the introduction of prices for aspects of the Service previously provided at no extra cost). Where we increase the Charges significantly for the elements of the Service you are using we will notify you before the changes become effective by email and/or text 0cf333
4.6. If you pay for a Service by way of Auto Top up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle you must ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card detail on your Account are kept up to date at least 24 hours in advance of application of any attempted top-up or new bundle. You can cancel any of these options (and obtain a refund in respect of a pre-paid queued bundle) by requesting cancellation at least 24 hours prior to its application, on your account at giffgaff.com
4.7. It is your responsibility to ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card account has sufficient funds to pay for the Charges. We shall not be responsible for any additional charges which may be imposed on you by your bank or card issuer.
4.8. We reserve the right to block or bar your SIM Card if we have reasonable cause to suspect fraudulent use of a PayPal account, credit or debit card.
4.9. We shall have no liability to you in respect of any loss incurred as a result of delayed or incorrect airtime credit top-up, Auto Top-up or Bundle payment 0cf333
4.10. If you purchase a Bundle while actively using your airtime credit top-up for Services, please restart your device to ensure your Bundle is used to provide Services to you instead of your airtime credit top-up
4.11. Refunds can only be processed to a saved, valid debit or credit card. PayPal refunds can only be processed to the account used for payment and not a different PayPal address.
4.12. Roaming pricing applies when your SIM Card is used outside of the UK.
4.13. If your SIM Card is lost or stolen:
* a) It shall be your responsibility to contact us as soon as possible, and to cancel any Auto Top-up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle associated with your Account; and
* b) We shall have no obligation to refund you in respect of any airtime credit or active Bundle on your Account 0cf333
4.14. You may be charged to receive certain premium rate text messaging services and multimedia messaging services 0cf333. We will not notify you of charges for premium rate services operated by third parties 0cf333
4.15. Unless otherwise stated, a one minute minimum call Charge will apply to all chargeable calls. All calls are charged in one second increments after the first minute.
4.16. Charges include VAT unless otherwise stated.
[Top]
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
5.1. If you select an Auto Top-up option, payment for the pre-selected top-up credit amount will be taken each time your Account credit balance falls beneath £3.00 and we will then notify you the Auto Top-up has been applied by text and email.
5.2. Where you are using airtime credit, each time you use the Service, your airtime credit will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used by reference to the Charges.
5.3. Once credit is applied to your Account, we have no obligation to refund it to you 0cf333
5.4. We shall be entitled to suspend or terminate your Auto Top-up selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible.
5.5. The maximum amount of available airtime balance possible per SIM is £350
[Top]
6. Bundles
6.1. We recommend that you activate all of the Bundles which you purchase without delay in order to minimise the likelihood of their terms and/or allowance changing between purchase and activation.
6.2. A Bundle lasts for a month, starting from the moment you successfully make your purchase (i.e. the day of purchase counts as one full day, regardless of the time of purchase, and is included in the monthly period) and the Bundle is allocated to your Account. If you have any remaining Service allowance at the end of this monthly period it will expire and will not be rolled-over into the next month 0cf333
The day you first purchase a goodybag is your “goodybag initial purchase date” and it will expire at 23.59 the day before the corresponding day next month. If your goodybag initial purchase date is on a day not contained in the next month, your goodybag will expire on the closest possible day in that month and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start the next day. For example, if you purchase a goodybag on 31 January, it will run until 23.59 on 28 February and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start again on 1 March.
6.3. Where you have an active Bundle on your Account, each time you use the Service, your Bundle allowance will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used.
6.4. Standard out-of-Bundle Charges apply where you have used up any of your Bundle Service allowances and continue to use the associated Service. From time to time, giffgaff may provide functionality to allow you to purchase a new Bundle early. If you elect to take this option your existing Bundle allowance shall be replaced by a new Bundle allowance.
6.5. Bundle Service allowances for calls and texts are for standard UK mobile numbers or standard UK landlines (starting 01 or 02 or 03) only. Picture or video messages and call forwarding are excluded unless otherwise stated. Calls and text messages to other numbers may be charged at out-of-Bundle rates as set out in the Charges.
6.6. We reserve the right to remove or vary the terms and/or allowance of any Bundle (activated or not) from time to time where reasonably necessary (e.g. to improve the service you receive or to manage our costs). Where we vary the terms and/or allowance of a Bundle you are using to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text message and/or email 30 days prior to the change. For queries/complaints go to www.giffgaff.com/support/ask.
6.7. Please note that you will be unable to cancel or claim any refund in respect of a Bundle once it has been activated on your Account. Your legal rights are unaffected.
6.8. From your third goodybag purchase onwards, or from your next goodybag purchase onwards if you’ve already purchased three or more goodybags in the time you’ve been a Member, you’ll receive an extra 1 GB of data free on all goodybags worth £10, £12, £15, £20.
6.9. Bundle allowance details and associated terms can be found on giffgaff.com.
Additional terms in respect of Queued Bundles
6.10. Payment for each Queued Bundle will be taken at the time of purchase, not at the time the Bundle is activated on your Account.
6.11. If you buy a Bundle when another Bundle is active, and if you have used part of your Bundle allowance (as giffgaff may determine) you may have the option of making the new Bundle a Queued Bundle, to be applied once the existing Bundle period expires. Under certain circumstances, you may also start the new Bundle early as outlined in Clause 6.3.
Additional terms in respect of Recurring Bundles
6.12. Payment for each Recurring Bundle will be taken each time a new Bundle is activated on your Account, at which point we will notify you such payment has been taken text and email.
6.13. We shall be entitled to suspend, terminate or change your Recurring Bundle selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible. Where we are changing your Recurring Bundle selection to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text and/or email.
[Top]
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
7.1. If you engage in the giffgaff community through Participation, you may be eligible for Payback Points which can be converted into pounds sterling and:
* a) Used to buy airtime credit for your Account;
* b) Where value is at least £10, transfer them to your PayPal account; or
* c) Donated to the giffgaff community’s chosen charity.
7.2. We calculate the Payback Points due to you over certain periods as described on giffgaff.com and as may change from time to time (the “Payback Period”). Following such calculation we shall let you know how many points you have earned and tell you how long you have to decide which of the options described at Clause 7.1 you wish to choose (“Selection Period”).
7.3. We will begin to process Member choices as specified on giffgaff.com and endeavour to complete such processing within 15 days of the end of the Selection Period.
7.4. If you do not notify us how you want to use your Payback Points within the Selection Period, any Payback Points you have accumulated during the last Payback Period shall roll-over into the following Payback Period. Such roll-over only applies once and any Payback Points which have previously rolled over shall be removed from your Account.
7.5. To qualify for Payback Points you must have an active SIM Card at the Payback Date and have successfully made a connecting call or SMS to any mobile or used mobile internet at least once in the 3 months prior to end of the relevant Payback Period.
7.6. If you select a PayPal transfer, you are responsible for providing us with valid PayPal account details. If there is a refund generated from the member-side back to giffgaff the full amount will not be rolled over or paid to a different PayPal address.
7.7. We may suspend or discontinue the Payback Points scheme at any time. In this event we will provide notice on giffgaff.com. You would stop accruing Payback Points but if you are eligible for a payback before the suspension or discontinuation of the Payback Points scheme, we will honour it.
7.8. If your Account becomes inactive (through closure or porting of your mobile telephone number) your Payback Points will be removed.
7.9. You are responsible for any tax implications resulting from your Participation.
7.10. giffgaff's decision as to the value of your Payback is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Spread giffgaff
7.11. In order to qualify for Payback Points under Spread giffgaff Participation:
* a) You must ensure SIM Cards you distribute are only activated by an individual eligible to become a giffgaff Member under these Terms and Conditions, who has not previously been a Member and who intends to be a regular user of the Service, complying with these Terms and Conditions on an ongoing basis (the “New Member”);
* b) The New Member must:
* i. register their details as required to open a new Account; and
* ii. not be barred or disconnected by us from using the Service before the end of the then current Payback Period; and
* c) you must only have distributed SIM Cards through:
* iv. your own physical distribution;
* v. sending a SIM Card directly to a known address in respect of which you have any necessary authorisation required to send such SIM Card; and/or
* vi. requests made of you through social media or your own website that you control.
7.12. All new Members will get an additional £5 bonus credit if they use any of the Spread giffgaff promotion methods described in Clause 7.11(c) of these Terms and Conditions within six weeks (42 days) of activating their own SIM Card. The £5 bonus credit will only be applied to the first Spread giffgaff activation that takes place during such six week period. The credit will be applied within five working days of the Spread giffgaff activation.
7.13. We reserve the right to remove or not award Payback Points where:
* a) you have Participated in Spread giffgaff other than in compliance with Clause 7.11 above;
* b) multiple SIM Cards have been activated or used in the same device;
* c) where the New Member hasn’t used or continued to top-up their Account (as we may consider in our sole discretion);
* d) you have used methods of promotion or distribution, or related strategy, that we (in our sole discretion) consider inappropriate, which shall include, but not be limited to:
* i. infringing or violating trademark or other rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* ii. using promotional content other than provided to you by giffgaff which we deem inappropriate (and you shall forward any claims or complaints you may receive in connection with any promotional content to giffgaff immediately, and remove it immediately upon giffgaff's request);
* iii. giffgaff does not allow affiliates to bid on brand terms, nor are affiliates allowed to use these within a display URL in any PPC advertising. This also includes misspellings of the brand. Affiliates are now permitted to link directly to giffgaff’s site. You must not bid on any terms relating to any competitor of giffgaff. Any affiliates found to be doing so will be removed from the programme or not been awarded Payback points.using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* iv. giffgaff reserves the right to approve affiliates on exceptional cases to bid on relevant keywords. Explicit approval is required and all keywords must be pre-approved by giffgaff but on after direct written approval from giffgaff.
* v. using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* vi. impersonating giffgaff or promoting giffgaff in any way, including, but not limited to, via graphical images, logos, text or editorial copy, press releases or marks, that (i) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff; (ii) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; (iii) infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party; (iv) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or (v) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these terms and conditions or with any provision of law. We may at our discretion ask you to modify your promotional material or clearly state that your site is not official and to include links to giffgaff.com.
* vii. using sexually explicit materials or hate/ violent/ offensive content;
* viii. promoting discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
* ix. promoting illegal activities or otherwise, violate any applicable laws (this includes SPAM). If you want to send out any emails that advertise or promote giffgaff, you will need giffgaff's approval. Emails or other communications must comply with all applicable law including laws relating to data protection and privacy and electronic marketing
* x. not clearly stating an online privacy policy to visitors to a site;
* xi. using fraudulent means to prompt clicks; or
* xii. anything else which we might consider inappropriate and/or likely to bring giffgaff into disrepute.
7.14. We will keep our right, title and interest in the giffgaff names, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyrights, including those that we may use or develop in the future. Any goodwill resulting from your use of giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyright will not create any right, title or interest for you as a distributor of SIM Cards.
7.15. You will maintain the quality of your distribution services at a level satisfactory to giffgaff and notifying giffgaff of any problems with your participation in this distribution promotion. You shall provide us, on request, with any information we may reasonable require from time to time in connection with your distribution activity.
7.16. You confirm that:
* a) your promotion of giffgaff does not (i) infringe on giffgaff's or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) contain defamatory or libellous material; (iv) contain lewd, pornographic or obscene material; (vii) contain viruses, Trojan horses, or other similar harmful programmes;
* b) if you are promoting giffgaff using a website, you have and comply with a privacy policy that is prominently displayed on your website; and
* c) you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless giffgaff and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all liability, claims, losses, damages, injuries or expenses (including reasonable legal fees) brought by a third party, arising out of a breach, or alleged breach, of any of your representations or obligations.
7.17. giffgaff may terminate the Spread giffgaff scheme at any time, for any reason and if it notifies you of this you must immediately stop any distribution activity and stop using giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks or creative work.
Super Recruiters
7.18. The Super Recruiter Programme (the “Programme") is open to a worldwide audience aged 16 years or over (“Participants”).
7.19. To qualify for the Programme a Participant must recruit 15 or more new Members in their lifetime.
7.20. Participants will start at level 1 (‘Apprentice’) when enrolled onto the Programme. Depending on the number of new Members they recruit ("Recruit(s)") each month they can change between the levels. Levels are calculated monthly based on an average over 3 months. Level 1 (‘Apprentice') is for Participants who recruit up to 14 Recruits in 3 months, Level 2 (‘Expert’) is for Participants who recruit between 15 and 119 Members in 3 months, and Level 3 (‘Master’) is for Participants who recruit 120 or more Members in 3 months. Each level offers different rewards and incentives. Participants can order up to 30 SIM Cards per month, but giffgaff may agree to increase that limit, depending on the likely number needed (the allowance is usually only increased for Masters). giffgaff reserves the right to change a Participant’s level and SIM Card allowance for any reason at any time on reasonable notice. giffgaff also reserves the right to change rewards and incentives available within each level at any time.
7.21. Participants will receive monthly ‘Top-up rewards’ in cash via PayPal if their Recruit tops up, either as credit or a goodybag purchase (but not a queued goodybag purchased previously). The Participant will receive a maximum of two monthly rewards per Recruit if the Recruit tops up twice within 120 days of activating their SIM Card. Top-ups on the same day as activation will be ineligible for super recruiter rewards under the Programme.
7.22. Any and all undisputed and accrued ‘Top up rewards’ will be paid to Participants as close as possible to day 15 of the month, following the month in which the reward was earned. This means that where, for example, Top up rewards are earned right at the end of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 15 days later. Where Top up rewards are earned right at the beginning of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 45 days later. Payments will be paid by PayPal into the account nominated by the Participant for this purpose.
7.23. Participants are responsible for:
* a) providing giffgaff with correct and up-to-date contact and PayPal account details. If a Participant fails to do so he/she may not receive payment under the Programme. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for such occurrences;
* b) keeping the details provided in their Account complete and accurate at all times. giffgaff reserves the right to request proof of any Participant’s identity at any time for the purpose of verifying that they are who they say they are and are not involved in fraudulent activity. At the point at which identification data is requested we will confirm to you how long such information will be retained and for what purpose. Click here to view our privacy policy, which provides a full explanation of how Participant and Member information is used by giffgaff. If the Participant fails to respond to this request within the reasonable time period specified, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1);
* c) ensuring that (i) under no circumstances are Recruits signed up by the Participant directly and without their consent and that (ii) if for any reason, data belonging to Recruits is provided by Participants, this is done only with the relevant Recruit’s prior consent. If it transpires that a Participant is in breach of (i) or (ii) above, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1).
* d) keeping Account log-in details secure. giffgaff will not be responsible for loss, damage or any other issues arising out of unauthorised access to any Participant’s Account 0cf333
* e) keeping a record of payments made to them. giffgaff is not liable for any loss of payment 0cf333
* f) complying with any additional terms and conditions imposed on them by their nominated Paypal account; and) any tax liability in their country of residence incurred as a result of taking part in the Programme.
7.24. Note that a Participant shall forfeit their entitlement to any rewards accrued but not yet paid under the Programme if he/she fails to provide correct PayPal details within ninety days of any reward being earned.
7.25. The standard monthly SIM Card allowance for a Participant, unless otherwise agreed, will be 30 SIM Card. The SIM Cards can be ordered from giffgaff.com Participants should allow approximately 14 days for delivery. SIM Cards must be activated in the UK and details about how to activate them can be found here.
7.26. Only SIM Cards ordered from a Participant’s Account through the giffgaff website are capable of qualifying Participants for rewards.
7.27. Participants may use certain promotional content that giffgaff provides to them only for the purpose of finding Recruits (for example, through a Participant-created or third party website ("Participant Websites")). However, Participants must strictly adhere to any and all instructions in respect of the use of such content, including (without limitation) brand guidelines and the giffgaff brand pack available here, which may be issued by giffgaff from time to time and giffgaff may suspend a Participant's use of such promotional content if a Participant does not do so. Participants must forward any claims or complaints they may receive in connection with the promotional content to giffgaff immediately. Participants must also remove such content immediately upon giffgaff’s request and promptly provide evidence of the same.
7.28. Participants may not present or use any content within Participant Websites, including, without limitation, graphical images, logos, text copy, editorial copy, press releases or marks, that:
* a) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff;
* b) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
* c)infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* d) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or
* e) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions or with any provision of law.
7.29. Subject to Clause 7.28, giffgaff hereby grants Participants using or running Participant Websites a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable licence to use the giffgaff logo and material ("Intellectual Property") (in each case provided or made available to Participants by giffgaff) solely for the purpose of finding Recruits, provided that giffgaff will keep its right, title and interest in its Intellectual Property, including those that it may use or develop in the future. Participants hereby assign any rights in and to any goodwill resulting from Participants' use of giffgaff’s Intellectual Property to giffgaff and agree that this will not create any right, title or interest for giffgaff.
7.30. Participants shall not:
* a) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property in any form other than as provided by giffgaff;
* b) vary, amend, alter or change in any way (other than sizing) any of giffgaff's Intellectual Property;
* c) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any other written instructions or directions as may be given by giffgaff from time to time; or
* d) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property for any purpose other than for finding Recruits.
7.31. The right of Participants to receive payment is subject to their on-going compliance with these Terms and Conditions. giffgaff may, at its sole discretion, suspend or remove a Participant from the Programme at any time and without notice, and withhold or seek reimbursement of, or payment from any Participant in any circumstances which giffgaff reasonably considers to be serious, including but not limited to the following:
* a) If the Participant has breached these or any other applicable terms and conditions, including but not limited to those relating to giffgaff's Intellectual Property Rights and Participant Websites;
* b) If giffgaff suspects or has reasonable grounds to believe that the Participant has provided incorrect or misleading information to any Member or to giffgaff;
* c) If any Member tops up SIM Cards provided by the Participant using a stolen, invalid or expired credit or debit card or giffgaff is required to refund a credit or debit card provider in respect of any SIM Card top ups;
* d) If giffgaff suspects the Participant or Member is otherwise misusing or interfering in any way with the Programme or the giffgaff Network;
* e) If giffgaff receives a complaint about a Participant; or
* f) If the Participant has otherwise engaged in conduct which may breach any law or regulation or harm giffgaff’s reputation.
7.32. Any individual’s personal information obtained under this Programme will be used in accordance with giffgaff’s Privacy Policy, which is available at giffgaff.com.
7.33. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for any incorrectly completed, lost or delayed registration applications, notices, acceptances or other documents related to the Programme.
7.34. giffgaff may amend, suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any time and for any reason on at least 30 days’ notice, which will be provided by email to Participants and/or on giffgaff’s website and/or on account. Any rewards genuinely accrued before the date on which the Programme is amended, suspended, withdrawn or terminated as appropriate will be paid as provided by these terms.
7.35. All decisions by giffgaff on matters relating to the Programme are final and no correspondence will be entered into.
[Top]
8. Our Website
8.1. Opinions expressed on giffgaff.com are those of the respective contributing users only. Such views do not represent those of giffgaff, its management or employees. giffgaff is not responsible for and disclaims all liability for Content and comments contributed by users.
8.2. You must not use the Blog or Forum to display any material which is:
* a) racist, sexist, homophobic, pornographic, obscene, profane, vulgar;
* b) defamatory of any person, entity or organisation;
* c) abusive, threatening or otherwise likely to be harmful to those persons likely to use the giffgaff site;
* d) in contravention of any relevant local, national or international law or which incites or encourages the contravention of any such law;
* e) otherwise offensive in the opinion of giffgaff;
* f) infringing of the Rights (including the Intellectual Property Rights) of any legal or natural person; or
* g) related to the conduct of a business other than giffgaff.
8.3. You understand that by posting to a Blog or Forum your post/comment can be traced to your specific user account containing your email address, user name, date and time of sign up and IP address at date and time of posting.
8.4. By posting comments on this Blog or Forum, you agree to allow the content to be re-used or quoted by giffgaff without notification.
8.5. giffgaff members under the age of 18 must seek parental or guardian consent prior to contributing to the blog.
8.6. Users sometimes include references to other websites beyond the control of giffgaff. As such giffgaff cannot be held responsible for the content of such websites. We will delete advertising posts as the Blog or Forum is not a means for advertisers to promote their websites or products. giffgaff moderators will decide what is acceptable or not on a case by case basis.
8.6. You shall retain exclusive ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights, as may accrue to you by operation of law, in any posts, material, commentary, ideas that you post on giffgaff.com or any other website run by giffgaff (together the "Posts").
8.7. If your Post or any element of it is accepted or implemented by giffgaff, you hereby agree to grant to giffgaff an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, licence to use, copy, install, maintain, modify, enhance and adapt your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (this licence shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions). giffgaff may also assign its licence to use your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (or any part thereof) to any third party to which it may outsource the operation of a part of giffgaff's operations or business provided such third party's use, copying, installation, maintenance, modification, enhancement and adaptation is solely for the purpose of providing a service to giffgaff.
8.8. giffgaff shall be the exclusive owner of any Intellectual Property Rights which accrue with respect to any modifications, enhancements and/or adaptations which it makes to the Posts.
[Top]
9. Device Orders
9.1. This Clause 9 only applies if you have purchased your device from us.
9.2. New members will be required to purchase a goodybag as part of their handset order (this does not apply to pre-owned devices). The goodybag is non-refundable without the full return of the device in accordance with term 9.17 and our change of mind policy.
9.3. Charges for devices will be detailed on giffgaff.com. The cost will be payable at the time of purchase either by a cash payment or using a loan arranged by RateSetter (see Clause 10 below).
9.4. Any device that we deliver to you is your responsibility. Once you've received it and paid for it, you own the device. This does not affect your rights to carry out any of the actions set out in 9.5-9.7 below.
9.5. Any returns or refunds in respect of devices purchased from us are subject to our returns policy You may return a device to us once for a full refund within 14 calendar days from the date of delivery and if your device has a fault when it arrives you can return it for replacement or a full refund within 30 days of receiving it.
9.6. If you are entitled to a refund, you will be refunded the full amount that you have paid for the device when we get the device back from you, less any Charges (as outlined in the returns policy). This refund will come from giffgaff and, if you have taken out a loan with RateSetter, then they will also refund you your payments to date.
9.7. We'll bear the reasonable postage costs of you returning the device to us with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging, as long as you follow our returns policy. We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly. We recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received.
9.8. If there is a device fault which develops after 30 days of the device having been delivered to you, then you should book a repair as soon as possible. Your repair could be chargeable if your handset warranty is no longer valid. If another fault has been established on your device, you may be entitled to additional remedies, depending on how long you have had the device for.
9.9. giffgaff only sells unlocked devices, but some manufacturers impose particular requirements as to how a device must be activated in order to function properly, and geographical limitations on where a device can be used. Please check your device packaging and/or user guide for more information.
9.10. We can only deliver to a valid UK address and will deliver within 30 days. There are certain circumstances where your order may be delayed:
* a) orders placed at the weekend or on a bank holiday will require at least one extra working day for delivery (for most postcodes, orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will normally be delivered on a Tuesday);
* b) any unforeseen stock shortages. If this happens, we will notify you of any delay;
* c) certain remote postcodes will require additional time for delivery; and
* d) if we cannot obtain immediate security clearance for payment of your order. The security of our Members is paramount so these checks are essential to combat fraudulent use of payment and address details.
9.11. No orders for devices shall be accepted if received from outside the United Kingdom.
9.12. Despite our best efforts, occasionally products in our online shop may be incorrectly priced and therefore we cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted. In addition, details may be updated from time to time and are subject to change. If we discover a pricing error, or there is a change in price before dispatch, we will contact you to reconfirm your order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable time, we may cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless otherwise stated, prices are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
9.13. You must ensure that prior to placing an order you have checked all relevant details about the products and/or services you have selected. All products and services advertised are subject to availability.
9.14. The information displayed on giffgaff.com, including prices, does not constitute an offer to enter into a sale agreement and neither we, nor any third parties that offer services via giffgaff.com shall be obliged to accept your orders. If we do, acceptance will be confirmed by email (to the email address supplied by you when the order was placed) and in our dispatching of the Device to you. Where products are sent separately, our acceptance will relate only to those products actually dispatched.
9.15. One-off payment can be made by Mastercard, Visa, or Visa Debit and payment will be taken from you when the order is placed. You confirm that the credit or debit card that is being used is yours. All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card does not, for any reason, authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
9.16. Only Members can purchase handsets from us.
9.17. If you cancel your order and return your handset in accordance with our returns policy, you will also be entitled to a refund on your goodybag. You will only receive a refund for your goodybag if your SIM Card has not been activated. You do not need to return your SIM Card to us and you will need to contact an agent independently of returning your handset to receive a refund on your goodybag.
9.18. You may purchase ‘nearly new’ devices which we refer to as ‘refurbished’ devices. These have been returned under the 14-day Change of Mind Policy with no reported faults. They have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality, and have been returned to their original condition. Nearly new devices are not provided in original packaging and come with a data cable. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 12-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you buy a nearly new device.
9.19. You may also purchase devices which have been through a recycling programme which we refer to as ‘pre-owned’ devices. These devices have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality so that they are ready for use. These devices are not provided in original packaging but come with a data cable and a SIM key. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 6-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you purchase a recycled device
9.20. If you purchase your phone on a date which is covered within the giffgaff free phone accessories voucher offer, you will receive a free phone accessories voucher. The voucher code will be emailed to you 15 days after the date of the phone purchase and valid until the date specified T&Cs of the offer
9.21. Phone accessories vouchers can be claimed at phonegoodies.co.uk and are valid against the cost of products sold within the online store, excluding any delivery costs. The vouchers are valid for a single use only and are not exchangeable for cash.
9.22. As our free phone accessories vouchers are valid for a white label site controlled and supplied by Kondor, their terms and conditions also apply to purchases and the redemption of the vouchers.
9.23. Nothing in this Clause 9 affects your statutory rights.
[Top]
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
10.1. This Clause 10 only applies if you have applied for a loan facilitated by RateSetter's loan exchange service through giffgaff money, or when purchasing a device on giffgaff.com where such purchase is facilitated by such a loan.
10.2. The facilitation of your loan is provided as a service to you by RateSetter. In order to take out your loan you will have entered into a contract with RateSetter, and also a loan agreement with the lender you’re matched with via RateSetter’s exchange. Although we may provide you, via giffgaff.com, with information about your loan, this information is provided to us by RateSetter and you should contact RateSetter if you have any queries or wish to take any action in respect of the loan.
10.3. In order to assess whether or not RateSetter are able to provide you with a loan via its exchange, RateSetter will carry out an independent credit check on you and will use the exchange to identify if there is a suitable lender available. If RateSetter is not satisfied with the credit check results or if there is no suitable lender available to lend at the applicable interest rate, then RateSetter will not be able to facilitate a loan for you.
10.4. If you exercise your right to cancel a purchase paid with a loan, in accordance with Clause 9.4 above, or the returns policy, you will be deemed to have terminated your loan agreement arranged via RateSetter and we will return the related monies we originally received to fund your device (in the event of handset loans) to RateSetter. RateSetter will remain responsible for refunding any loan payments to you that you have already made.
[Top]
11. Internet Access
11.1. If you use your SIM Card in a mobile phone which enables access to the Internet (“Mobile Internet Phone”) the following terms and conditions also apply to you.
11.2. We or our contractual partners may provide links to web sites or resources. We neither accept responsibility for third party web sites or resources nor endorse their content.
11.3. You understand that you, and not us, are entirely responsible for all the visual, textual or other information that you upload, email or otherwise transmit via Internet access, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted.
11.4. Your dealings with, and interest in, promotions, services, or merchants found by using your Mobile Internet Phone on or via the Internet are solely between you and the person with whom you are dealing, unless explicitly stated by us. We will not be responsible for any losses or damages that may arise from any such dealings with third parties.
11.5. Access to secure financial transactions will be dependent on the make and model of your Mobile Internet Phone and the third party supplier of Content.
11.6. giffgaff is a signatory to the Open Internet Code of Practice and as such are committed to being open and transparent about any traffic management policies. Please see our Key Facts Indicator for more information.
[Top]
12. Limitation of Liability
12.1. Our liability shall not be limited to you in respect of death or personal injury to any person resulting from our own negligence and any other type of liability which we cannot exclude or limit under the laws of England and Wales.
12.2. Subject to Clause 12.1, we have no liability to you:
* a) other than to exercise the reasonable care and skill of a competent mobile telecommunications provider or retailer;
* b) if we cannot provide the Service to you because of something beyond our reasonable control;
* c) for losses that haven’t resulted naturally from our breach or that we couldn’t have foreseen, or loss of profit, loss of business, costs, expenses or any other form of financial loss. Nor shall we be liable to you for any loss of income, business or profits (including loss of revenue) or for any loss of data in connection with your use of the Service; or 0cf333
* d) for the deletion, loss or corruption of any Content transmitted or maintained by the Network, unless caused by our negligence. 0cf333
12.3. Subject to Clause 12.1, our liability to you under the Terms and Conditions will not exceed £3,000.
12.4. We will provide you with compensation that you are entitled to in accordance with your legal rights.
[Top]
13. Cancellation Rights
Your right to cancel
13.1. Subject to Clause 13.2 below, you are entitled to cancel your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions at any time up to 14 days after placing your order for the Service (the “Cooling-Off Period”), provided that you cancel in accordance with our cancellation policy or notify us in writing to Member Services. This does not affect your statutory rights.
13.2. Please note that by using your activated SIM Card you will be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions. You agree that the Service may start before the end of the Cooling-Off Period. If you have used airtime credit or Bundle prior to cancellation you will not be refunded the used airtime credit or such proportion of the Bundle that you have used as calculated by us.
Our rights to bar or disconnect your SIM Card
13.3. Your SIM Card will be disconnected unless, at least once every six months, your Account is used to:
* a) make at least one call, SMS or MMS to another number (not including calls to emergency services or Member Services);
* b) make at least one connection to the Internet;
* c) make at least one airtime credit or Bundle purchase
13.4. If your SIM Card is disconnected, you will lose any remaining credit or Bundle balance on your Account. giffgaff recycles numbers and we will not be able to reconnect once a number is disconnected and recycled. giffgaff may reconnect you if any disconnection was due to our negligence.
[Top]
14. Mobile phone locking
Your mobile phone may be locked to another Network. If this is the case, be aware that unlocking your handset may invalidate your handset's warranty and/or permanently damage the handset or the data stored on it, and does not excuse you from any contractual obligations you may have with the original Network owner. Failure to enter the correct unlocking code may result in your mobile phone becoming permanently blocked. We are not responsible for mobile phones blocked in this way.
[Top]
15. Promotions
From time to time we may invite you to take up offers, additional services or promotions. Those offers, additional services, or promotions may have additional terms and conditions. See promotional terms
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change our Terms and Conditions from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to these terms by posting them on our website at giffgaff.com. We may also notify you by voicemail, text or media message, by means of national advertising campaigns or by email.
[Top]
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
17.1. Your information is treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
17.2 You authorise us to use and disclose, in the UK and abroad, information about (i) you, your use of the Service (including, but not limited to, phone numbers and email addresses of calls, texts and other communications made and received by you and the date, duration, time and cost of such communications), (ii) how you conduct your account and (iii) the location of your mobile phone, for the purposes of operating your account and providing you with the Service or as required under law to our associated companies or agents, any telecommunications company, debt collection agency or credit reference agency. You agree that the information may be used by other parties in assessing applications for credit from you and members of your household and for debt tracing, credit management and may be used by us or other parties for crime and fraud detection and prevention.
17.3 If you joined us after 25 May 2018, neither we nor third parties will ever send you marketing information unless you have positively consented to our doing so when you registered with us or under the My profile and settings tab of your Account.
17.4 You can change your marketing contact preferences at any time through the contact preferences section of your Account (which can be found in My profile and settings). If you're not a registered Member yet, and you wish to opt-out of communications from us, send an email to removeme@giffgaff.co.uk. Neither we nor third parties will ever send marketing information to Members who are opted out of receiving it.
[Top]
18. General
18.1. If either of us fails to enforce our rights under the Terms and Conditions, it shall not prevent either of us from taking action later.
18.2. Each sub-clause in these Terms and Conditions operates separately. If any part is found by a court to be unreasonable or inapplicable the other parts will continue to apply.
18.3. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
[Top]
19. How to Contact Us
If you need to contact giffgaff Member Service please visit giffgaff.com and click on ‘Contact Us’. The European Online Dispute Resolution site ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ allows consumers to submit disputes relating to online purchases with us. If you're unhappy with any part of our service and want to make a complaint please check our Complaints code of practice. This includes the latest information on alternative dispute resolutions.
Privacy Policy
The following privacy policy applies from the 09th May 2018
1. What do you do with my personal data?
We use your data to provide you, and other giffgaffers, great services. That includes doing things like:
* Improving our products and services for you and other giffgaffers including managing the network to ensure everyone gets the best experience, performing market research to understand our members views and personalising our experiences to make our service more intuitive & engaging;
* Providing you with the products and services you have selected, keeping you up-to-date and informed and responding to your enquiries such as notifying you when you are running low in your goodybag, confirming your payback rewards or highlighting giffgaff promotions and competitions we think you will be interested in;
* Legal, regulatory or business reasons such as assisting with crime and fraud prevention, assessing credit risk when provisioning loans and ensuring we provide the products and services you have selected.
More info
[Top]
2. How long will you keep my personal data?
We keep information while you're our customer and after you've left us 0cf333
We use your information to provide you with the products and services you have selected and for a variety of other reasons 0cf333
For example, we might need to sort out disagreements, stop fraud and abuse, prove that you had an account with us or follow our legal obligations. Or the police may need it as evidence. We may also keep information about how you use our products or services.
In each case, the length of time that we need to keep the information may be different, but we will only keep the information for as long as we need it 0cf333
More info
[Top]
3. Who do you share my personal data with and why?
We will share your information in the following situations:
* With partners, suppliers, agents and subcontractors who help us deliver the products and services you've chosen to use 0cf333
* When you have provided your consent;
* When we have legal or regulatory requirements such as a request from the competition authority, law enforcement agency or a credit reference agency.
More info
[Top]
4. What data do you hold about me? (and how do you get it?)
We collect information in three ways:
1. Directly from you, such as information filled in within application or registration forms, surveys and community posts;
2. From the products and services you use, such as the calls you make on the giffgaff network, your browsing history including the websites you visit and your location data;
3. From 3rd parties, such as information from credit reference agencies and fraud protection agencies 0cf333
More info
[Top]
5. What rights do I have?
You have the following rights:
* To be informed about how we use your personal data (the purpose of this Privacy policy);
* To update your personal data. You can update or amend your information by visiting the My Details section of my giffgaff. For data not updateable through My giffgaff, you will need to contact us;
* To ask us to delete your personal data. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain it 0cf333
* To get a free copy of your personal data. A subset of your data (limited to data that you have provided to us) is available in a machine-readable format if required;
* To object to the processing of your data and have it restricted. There may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled to refuse that request 0cf333
* To review some automated decision-making or profiling (automated processing to determine certain things about you) 0cf333
* The right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner (www.ico.org.uk) if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.
More info
[Top]
6. How do I change my marketing preferences?
You can opt in and out of marketing communications at any time by changing your preferences within my giffgaff. You will be able to choose to receive marketing communications about the products and services you have chosen, all marketing communications from giffgaff or options from selected partners.
You can also opt out of marketing communications by following unsubscribe links at the bottom of any marketing emails or text messages received from giffgaff.
We will never give your personal data to a third party for marketing unless you have expressly given us your permission.
[Top]
7. How do you ensure my data is secure?
giffgaff is committed to keeping your data secure. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
More info
[Top]
8. What else can I do to ensure my data is secure?
Along with a section on Privacy, Get Safe Online has plenty of other good advice about protecting yourself online
[Top]
9. How can I contact you?
If you would like more information or would like to raise any queries with us in relation to your information, you can contact us by writing to the Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
giffgaff
Hertz House
11 Vine Street
Uxbridge
UB8 1QE
[Top]
10. Changes to this Privacy policy
We will check this policy from time to time and post any changes here.
We may also let you know about these changes by email, voicemail, text or media message or via a national advertising campaign.
[Top]
11. Resolving Privacy Issues
We will always try our best to resolve any data privacy issue you may have. You have the right to refer any data privacy issue to the Information Commissioner's Office at any time.
 
Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply from the 31st August 2018
We know you hate it, we do too, but here's the small print.
We ask you to accept these Terms and Conditions when you order your SIM card and your activation of the Service means that you accept them.
We'll keep these Terms and Conditions up-to-date at giffgaff.com at the link at the bottom of every page. If we make a significant change, we’ll contact you to let you know or post information on our Forum.
Here’s a summary of some important terms:
* If you have a goodybag or gigabag, your inclusive allowance covers standard mainland UK calls, texts and data and roaming within the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. Special numbers and services (such as roaming charges, international calls, premium rate numbers and some 08 numbers) are not included. Sometimes the allowances may change, but we’ll always let you know in advance if they do. Check giffgaff.com for more details about Charges and our latest rates so you know how much your usage will cost you.
* Our Service isn’t available everywhere in the UK. You can check predicted network coverage in your area by using our Network Service Checker. The Services are not fault-free and the speed and quality of your connection, for example, can be affected by things like the thickness of the walls of the building you’re in, technical issues and the number of members near you trying to access the Services at the same time. We’ll carry out maintenance on the Network from time to time. We use reasonable skill and care in providing you with the Services and will attempt to re-perform disrupted Services when possible.
* Content on your device can sometimes contain minor defects or bugs, so it’s a good idea to always keep your Content up-to-date.
* If we believe you’re using the Service fraudulently, illegally, in a way that harms our Network or the experience of others, or for business use (amongst other things) we will cancel your Service.
Contents:
1.Explanation of Certain Words
2. Provision of Service
3. Your use of the Service
4. The Charges
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
6. Bundles
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
8. Our Website
9. Device Orders
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
11. Internet Access
12. Limitation of Liability
13. Cancellation Rights
14. Mobile phone locking
15. Promotions
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
18. General
19. How to Contact Us
[Top]
1. Explanation of Certain Words
1.1. In these Terms and conditions:
"Account"
means the giffgaff account which records details of the amount of airtime balance you have, from time to time;
"Affiliates"
means Means members or companies who have officially join or become attached to giffgaff;
"AIT"
means Artificially Inflated Traffic, which occurs where the flow of calls, texts or data, which could be in connection with a revenue share service, is disproportionate to the flow of calls, texts or data that would be expected from good faith commercial practice and usage of the Network;
"Auto Top-up"
means a recurring payment method that enables you to automatically top up the credit on your Account by an amount that you have previously selected;
"Blog"
means the community blog webpage on giffgaff.com;
"Bundle"
means a certain Service allowance for use in conjunction with a SIM Card and a mobile phone device as may change from time to time and as described on giffgaff.com;
"Charges"
means all the prices associated with the Service as described on giffgaff.com;
"Community Guidelines"
means the guidelines regulating your involvement in the giffgaff community as published here;
"Content"
means textual, visual or other information, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound and other material appearing on or available through the Service including all information supplied by content providers from time to time;
“EU and selected destinations”
means Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Martinique, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion Islands, Romania, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Vatican City;
"Forum"
means the community forum webpage on giffgaff.com;
"gigabag"
means a data-only Bundle;
"goodybag"
means a Bundle including minutes, texts and data;
"GSM Gateway"
means a device (not designed or adapted to be capable of being used whilst in motion) designed or adapted to be connected by wireless telegraphy to the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator and used solely for the purpose of sending or receiving messages conveyed by means of the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator;
"Intellectual Property Rights"
means: (i) any (and any rights subsisting in any) patents, designs, trademarks and trade names (whether registered or unregistered), copyright and related rights, moral rights, database rights, know-how and confidential information; (ii) all other intellectual property rights and similar or equivalent rights anywhere in the world which currently exist or are recognised in the future; and (iii) applications, extensions and renewals in relation to any such rights
"Member"
means an individual engaged in the giffgaff community and a user of the Service;
"Member Services"
means the agents who support Members in their use of the Service, whose contact details are found on giffgaff.com;
"Network"
means the cellular telecommunication system run by Telefónica UK Limited;
"Participation"
means such involvement in giffgaff’s Member community as giffgaff may, from time to time, deem eligible for award of Payback Points, as described in more detail in the Community Guildelines;
"Payback Date"
means the date on which Members receive Payback Points, such date to be specified by giffgaff from time to time;
"Payback Points"means the points you are awarded by us for your Participation;
"Phone"
A device that is able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Queued Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been paid for in advance by a Member, on a one-off basis, to automatically apply on expiry of the Member’s current Bundle;
"Recurring Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been requested by a Member to recur automatically each time the Member’s existing Bundle expires;
"Rights"
means copyright, trademark and other relevant proprietary and Intellectual Property Rights relating to Content;
"Service"
means any or all of the following services: airtime service enabling you to make or receive calls and to send and receive data (via, for example, WAP, GPRS, 3G or 4G) by means of the Network, the ability to send and receive email via the Internet, the ability to access information from the Internet, the ability to access and use the giffgaff blog or forum, and any additional services we agree to provide to you;
"SIM Activation"
means the process of creating an Account, making your first top-up or Bundle purchase and activating a SIM Card online at giffgaff.com;
"SIM Card"
means a card or other device provided to you by giffgaff and bearing a unique telephone number programmed to allow a mobile device to access the Service;
"Spread giffgaff"
means a type of Participation whereby a Member orders a SIM Card via another Member, who then qualifies for Payback Points on activation of that SIM Card;
"Tablet"
A device that is not able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Terms and Conditions"
means these terms and conditions;
"We", "us", “giffgaff” and "our" 
means giffgaff Limited, 260 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 4DX; and
"You" 
means the Member to whom the Terms and Conditions apply, and it includes a person who we reasonably believe is acting with your authority.
1.2. giffgaff.com contains explanations, definitions, notes and conditions which form part of these Terms and Conditions.
1.3. The Service and any offers, competitions, prize draws, promotions and/or trials made available by us from time to time may be subject to supplemental terms as advertised in our marketing literature and/or as set out on giffgaff.com. Please check giffgaff.comregularly as any such terms may be updated from time to time, and your participation in any such offer, promotion and/or trial will mean you have accepted such terms.
[Top]
2. Provision of Service
2.1 We will provide the Service to you, and you will be entitled to the quality of Service generally provided by a competent mobile telecommunications service provider exercising reasonable skill and care. However, the Service is not fault free and we will not be liable to you if it is impaired by geographic, atmospheric, Network traffic or other conditions or circumstances beyond our control, including but not limited to the following:
* a) The Service is subject to Network coverage and is not available in all parts of the United Kingdom, the EU and selected destinations or in all other countries; and
* b) The Network may from time to time require upgrading, modification, maintenance or other work which may result in partial or complete non-availability of the Service.
2.2. We may exercise our discretion, using reasonable skill and care, to refuse to provide any part of the Service to you. This may involve barring certain numbers from the Service on a temporary or permanent basis, in circumstances where it is necessary for us to do so.
2.3. We will use reasonable endeavours to maintain Content but it may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and is provided on an "as is" basis. You accept that we will not be liable for any action you take in reliance on Content as a condition of us allowing you access to such Content.
2.4. giffgaff (or our agents where relevant) reserve the right to:
* a) Restrict access to certain elements of the Service due to age restrictions; and
* b) Vary Content and/or the technical specification of Service from time to time.
2.5. Occasionally we may need to:
* a) Alter the number of your mobile phone, or any other name, code or number associated with the Service for reasons beyond our control such as where requested to do so by a governmental authority or regulatory body or where we reasonably believe that the alteration will enhance your use of the Service. If this is the case we will give you reasonable notice; and/or
* b) Temporarily suspend the Service (or any part of it) for operational reasons or in an emergency or for your security.
2.6. We will provide you with a SIM Card which shall remain, at all times, our property.
2.7. Maximum call duration is 9 hours.
2.8. Some elements of the Service (including, but not limited to 4G service set-up) may require activation following purchase, which may take up to 24 hours.
2.9. You may only use our services in the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, like holidays or short breaks. If you’re not genuinely using our services for periodic travel we may have to charge you for, or suspend you from, using our services in the EU and selected destinations.
2.10. The countries covered in the EU and selected destinations may change from time to time and do not include Monaco, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man and Switzerland. Please see our roaming page for details of what countries are included in the EU and selected destinations.
2.11. We may cap your data allowance in the EU and selected destinations. Any use in excess of these caps will be charged at 0.6p. For data level of cap and rates to be charged see our roaming page.
2.12. In the EU and selected destinations, making calls or sending texts to premium rate numbers, directory service numbers and some non-geographic numbers (which can vary over time) aren’t included.
2.13. All use of our services will be subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. We may suspend or terminate your access to our services in the event that you breach our Fair Usage Guidelines.
[Top]
3. Your use of the Service
3.1. You may only use Content in a way that does not infringe the Rights of others and you must comply with all other instructions issued by us regarding use of Content. You shall not store, modify, transmit, distribute, broadcast, or publish any part of Content other than in compliance with such instruction. The re-selling, copying or incorporation into any other work of part or all of the Content in any form is prohibited save that you may print or download extracts of Content for your personal use only.
3.2. You are solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any Content and the value and integrity of goods and services offered by third parties over the Service. We will not be a party to or in any way responsible for any transaction concerning third party goods and services, except in the case of negligence on our part.
3.3. You must provide us with a current email address and you must maintain this address and advise us promptly of any changes to it. It is your responsibility to verify that your email mailbox is in proper working order and you must assume the risk of all consequences for errors in sending and receiving email, unless caused by our negligence.
3.4. To use some of our Services, for example mobile internet, data, picture messages and text messages, you will need to ensure your mobile device is compatible and enabled.
3.5. Your use of the Services must be for your private, personal and non-commercial purposes. You may only use a device with an IMEI number associated with it on the Network and you will not use or permit anyone else to use your SIM Card:
* a) For any form of automated usage of mobile services;
* b) In such a way that adversely impacts the service to other giffgaff Members;
* c) Fraudulently, illegally or in breach of any law or statutory duty;
* d) To make a call or send a message, to take a picture or video or send, upload, download, use or re-use any material which is offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing, a nuisance (including to our staff) or a hoax, in breach of any Rights or privacy or otherwise unlawful;
* e) To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety as set out in the Communications Act 2003;
* f) Other than in accordance with acceptable use policies of any connected Networks and any relevant Internet standards;
* g) To generate AIT;
* h) via a GSM Gateway so that the Service is provided via the GSM Gateway to third parties; or
* i) To persistently send unsolicited communications,
and you shall, at all times:
* k) Ensure the information you have provided to us in Participation or otherwise is accurate and up-to-date; and
* l) Comply with these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines and any other supplemental terms and conditions which may be set out in marketing material or on giffgaff.com from time to time;
* m) Ensure any Participation you undertake is done in a manner compliant with all law and regulation, does not generate any serious complaint about you (whether or not it is ultimately proven) and in such a way as to not bring giffgaff into any disrepute;
* n) Not do anything or permit anyone else to do anything which we reasonably think adversely impacts the Service to other giffgaff Members or may adversely affect the Network; and
* o) Not be abusive, make threats, repeatedly cause a nuisance or annoyance or otherwise act illegally towards the giffgaff community, our employees, agents or property.
If giffgaff reasonably suspects you are not acting in accordance with the conditions of this clause, giffgaff reserves its right to impose standard Charges and/or Network protection controls (which may reduce your speed of transmission); remove a Bundle and/or Payback Points from your account or block access to the Internet at any time; prevent you from purchasing further Bundles; remove any free minutes allocated to you; stop your entitlement to Payback Points; and/or bar or suspend your SIM Card from the Service.
3.6. If your SIM Card is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed or used without your authority, you will contact giffgaff immediately and cooperate with us in our reasonable security and other checks. We reserve the right to bar or suspend your SIM Card where we reasonably suspect it has been lost or stolen.
3.7. You must tell us immediately by emailing datacontroller@giffgaff.co.uk, if anyone makes or threatens to make any claim or issue legal proceedings against you relating to your use of the Service or the Content and you will, at our request, immediately stop the act or acts complained of. If we ask you to, you must confirm the details of the claim(s) in writing.
3.8. If you do not want your number displayed on receiving mobile phones, Key 141 before the number you wish to call. Otherwise you agree that we may allow the display of your telephone number on receiving handsets. Your number will be disclosed in relation to calls you make to emergency services.
[Top]
4. The Charges
4.1. In return for your payment of the Charges we will provide you with the applicable Service.
4.2. You can purchase access to the Service in various ways, including via:
* a) Purchase of one-off airtime credit;
* b) Setting your Account to Auto Top-up;
* c) Buying a one-off Bundle;
* d) Setting your Account to apply a Queued Bundle; and/or
* e) Setting your Account to apply Recurring Bundles.
4.3. You can pay the Charges using a giffgaff-approved top-up voucher, PayPal or debit or credit card that giffgaff accepts. By using PayPal or debit or credit card you confirm it is yours or you have permission from the account holder or cardholder to use it.
4.4. You can make free UK calls, texts, call forwarding and video calls to other Members subject to you topping-up or purchasing a Bundle using a credit/debit card or voucher once every 3 months. Such calls are at no extra cost for the first 60 minutes per call, after which the call will be charged using Charges applicable to standard non-giffgaff UK mobile pricing.
4.5. We may increase or decrease the Charges at any time (including the introduction of prices for aspects of the Service previously provided at no extra cost). Where we increase the Charges significantly for the elements of the Service you are using we will notify you before the changes become effective by email and/or text.
4.6. If you pay for a Service by way of Auto Top up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle you must ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card detail on your Account are kept up to date at least 24 hours in advance of application of any attempted top-up or new bundle. You can cancel any of these options (and obtain a refund in respect of a pre-paid queued bundle) by requesting cancellation at least 24 hours prior to its application, on your account at giffgaff.com
4.7. It is your responsibility to ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card account has sufficient funds to pay for the Charges. We shall not be responsible for any additional charges which may be imposed on you by your bank or card issuer.
4.8. We reserve the right to block or bar your SIM Card if we have reasonable cause to suspect fraudulent use of a PayPal account, credit or debit card.
4.9. We shall have no liability to you in respect of any loss incurred as a result of delayed or incorrect airtime credit top-up, Auto Top-up or Bundle payment.
4.10. If you purchase a Bundle while actively using your airtime credit top-up for Services, please restart your device to ensure your Bundle is used to provide Services to you instead of your airtime credit top-up
4.11. Refunds can only be processed to a saved, valid debit or credit card. PayPal refunds can only be processed to the account used for payment and not a different PayPal address.
4.12. Roaming pricing applies when your SIM Card is used outside of the UK.
4.13. If your SIM Card is lost or stolen:
* a) It shall be your responsibility to contact us as soon as possible, and to cancel any Auto Top-up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle associated with your Account; and
* b) We shall have no obligation to refund you in respect of any airtime credit or active Bundle on your Account.
4.14. You may be charged to receive certain premium rate text messaging services and multimedia messaging services. We will not notify you of charges for premium rate services operated by third parties.
4.15. Unless otherwise stated, a one minute minimum call Charge will apply to all chargeable calls. All calls are charged in one second increments after the first minute.
4.16. Charges include VAT unless otherwise stated.
[Top]
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
5.1. If you select an Auto Top-up option, payment for the pre-selected top-up credit amount will be taken each time your Account credit balance falls beneath £3.00 and we will then notify you the Auto Top-up has been applied by text and email.
5.2. Where you are using airtime credit, each time you use the Service, your airtime credit will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used by reference to the Charges.
5.3. Once credit is applied to your Account, we have no obligation to refund it to you.
5.4. We shall be entitled to suspend or terminate your Auto Top-up selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible.
5.5. The maximum amount of available airtime balance possible per SIM is £350
[Top]
6. Bundles
6.1. We recommend that you activate all of the Bundles which you purchase without delay in order to minimise the likelihood of their terms and/or allowance changing between purchase and activation.
6.2. A Bundle lasts for a month, starting from the moment you successfully make your purchase (i.e. the day of purchase counts as one full day, regardless of the time of purchase, and is included in the monthly period) and the Bundle is allocated to your Account. If you have any remaining Service allowance at the end of this monthly period it will expire and will not be rolled-over into the next month.
The day you first purchase a goodybag is your “goodybag initial purchase date” and it will expire at 23.59 the day before the corresponding day next month. If your goodybag initial purchase date is on a day not contained in the next month, your goodybag will expire on the closest possible day in that month and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start the next day. For example, if you purchase a goodybag on 31 January, it will run until 23.59 on 28 February and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start again on 1 March.
6.3. Where you have an active Bundle on your Account, each time you use the Service, your Bundle allowance will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used.
6.4. Standard out-of-Bundle Charges apply where you have used up any of your Bundle Service allowances and continue to use the associated Service. From time to time, giffgaff may provide functionality to allow you to purchase a new Bundle early. If you elect to take this option your existing Bundle allowance shall be replaced by a new Bundle allowance.
6.5. Bundle Service allowances for calls and texts are for standard UK mobile numbers or standard UK landlines (starting 01 or 02 or 03) only. Picture or video messages and call forwarding are excluded unless otherwise stated. Calls and text messages to other numbers may be charged at out-of-Bundle rates as set out in the Charges.
6.6. We reserve the right to remove or vary the terms and/or allowance of any Bundle (activated or not) from time to time where reasonably necessary (e.g. to improve the service you receive or to manage our costs). Where we vary the terms and/or allowance of a Bundle you are using to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text message and/or email 30 days prior to the change. For queries/complaints go to www.giffgaff.com/support/ask.
6.7. Please note that you will be unable to cancel or claim any refund in respect of a Bundle once it has been activated on your Account. Your legal rights are unaffected.
6.8. From your third goodybag purchase onwards, or from your next goodybag purchase onwards if you’ve already purchased three or more goodybags in the time you’ve been a Member, you’ll receive an extra 1 GB of data free on all goodybags worth £10, £12, £15, £20.
6.9. Bundle allowance details and associated terms can be found on giffgaff.com.
Additional terms in respect of Queued Bundles
6.10. Payment for each Queued Bundle will be taken at the time of purchase, not at the time the Bundle is activated on your Account.
6.11. If you buy a Bundle when another Bundle is active, and if you have used part of your Bundle allowance (as giffgaff may determine) you may have the option of making the new Bundle a Queued Bundle, to be applied once the existing Bundle period expires. Under certain circumstances, you may also start the new Bundle early as outlined in Clause 6.3.
Additional terms in respect of Recurring Bundles
6.12. Payment for each Recurring Bundle will be taken each time a new Bundle is activated on your Account, at which point we will notify you such payment has been taken text and email.
6.13. We shall be entitled to suspend, terminate or change your Recurring Bundle selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible. Where we are changing your Recurring Bundle selection to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text and/or email.
[Top]
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
7.1. If you engage in the giffgaff community through Participation, you may be eligible for Payback Points which can be converted into pounds sterling and:
* a) Used to buy airtime credit for your Account;
* b) Where value is at least £10, transfer them to your PayPal account; or
* c) Donated to the giffgaff community’s chosen charity.
7.2. We calculate the Payback Points due to you over certain periods as described on giffgaff.com and as may change from time to time (the “Payback Period”). Following such calculation we shall let you know how many points you have earned and tell you how long you have to decide which of the options described at Clause 7.1 you wish to choose (“Selection Period”).
7.3. We will begin to process Member choices as specified on giffgaff.com and endeavour to complete such processing within 15 days of the end of the Selection Period.
7.4. If you do not notify us how you want to use your Payback Points within the Selection Period, any Payback Points you have accumulated during the last Payback Period shall roll-over into the following Payback Period. Such roll-over only applies once and any Payback Points which have previously rolled over shall be removed from your Account.
7.5. To qualify for Payback Points you must have an active SIM Card at the Payback Date and have successfully made a connecting call or SMS to any mobile or used mobile internet at least once in the 3 months prior to end of the relevant Payback Period.
7.6. If you select a PayPal transfer, you are responsible for providing us with valid PayPal account details. If there is a refund generated from the member-side back to giffgaff the full amount will not be rolled over or paid to a different PayPal address.
7.7. We may suspend or discontinue the Payback Points scheme at any time. In this event we will provide notice on giffgaff.com. You would stop accruing Payback Points but if you are eligible for a payback before the suspension or discontinuation of the Payback Points scheme, we will honour it.
7.8. If your Account becomes inactive (through closure or porting of your mobile telephone number) your Payback Points will be removed.
7.9. You are responsible for any tax implications resulting from your Participation.
7.10. giffgaff's decision as to the value of your Payback is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Spread giffgaff
7.11. In order to qualify for Payback Points under Spread giffgaff Participation:
* a) You must ensure SIM Cards you distribute are only activated by an individual eligible to become a giffgaff Member under these Terms and Conditions, who has not previously been a Member and who intends to be a regular user of the Service, complying with these Terms and Conditions on an ongoing basis (the “New Member”);
* b) The New Member must:
* i. register their details as required to open a new Account; and
* ii. not be barred or disconnected by us from using the Service before the end of the then current Payback Period; and
* c) you must only have distributed SIM Cards through:
* iv. your own physical distribution;
* v. sending a SIM Card directly to a known address in respect of which you have any necessary authorisation required to send such SIM Card; and/or
* vi. requests made of you through social media or your own website that you control.
7.12. All new Members will get an additional £5 bonus credit if they use any of the Spread giffgaff promotion methods described in Clause 7.11(c) of these Terms and Conditions within six weeks (42 days) of activating their own SIM Card. The £5 bonus credit will only be applied to the first Spread giffgaff activation that takes place during such six week period. The credit will be applied within five working days of the Spread giffgaff activation.
7.13. We reserve the right to remove or not award Payback Points where:
* a) you have Participated in Spread giffgaff other than in compliance with Clause 7.11 above;
* b) multiple SIM Cards have been activated or used in the same device;
* c) where the New Member hasn’t used or continued to top-up their Account (as we may consider in our sole discretion);
* d) you have used methods of promotion or distribution, or related strategy, that we (in our sole discretion) consider inappropriate, which shall include, but not be limited to:
* i. infringing or violating trademark or other rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* ii. using promotional content other than provided to you by giffgaff which we deem inappropriate (and you shall forward any claims or complaints you may receive in connection with any promotional content to giffgaff immediately, and remove it immediately upon giffgaff's request);
* iii. giffgaff does not allow affiliates to bid on brand terms, nor are affiliates allowed to use these within a display URL in any PPC advertising. This also includes misspellings of the brand. Affiliates are now permitted to link directly to giffgaff’s site. You must not bid on any terms relating to any competitor of giffgaff. Any affiliates found to be doing so will be removed from the programme or not been awarded Payback points.using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* iv. giffgaff reserves the right to approve affiliates on exceptional cases to bid on relevant keywords. Explicit approval is required and all keywords must be pre-approved by giffgaff but on after direct written approval from giffgaff.
* v. using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* vi. impersonating giffgaff or promoting giffgaff in any way, including, but not limited to, via graphical images, logos, text or editorial copy, press releases or marks, that (i) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff; (ii) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; (iii) infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party; (iv) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or (v) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these terms and conditions or with any provision of law. We may at our discretion ask you to modify your promotional material or clearly state that your site is not official and to include links to giffgaff.com.
* vii. using sexually explicit materials or hate/ violent/ offensive content;
* viii. promoting discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
* ix. promoting illegal activities or otherwise, violate any applicable laws (this includes SPAM). If you want to send out any emails that advertise or promote giffgaff, you will need giffgaff's approval. Emails or other communications must comply with all applicable law including laws relating to data protection and privacy and electronic marketing
* x. not clearly stating an online privacy policy to visitors to a site;
* xi. using fraudulent means to prompt clicks; or
* xii. anything else which we might consider inappropriate and/or likely to bring giffgaff into disrepute.
7.14. We will keep our right, title and interest in the giffgaff names, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyrights, including those that we may use or develop in the future. Any goodwill resulting from your use of giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyright will not create any right, title or interest for you as a distributor of SIM Cards.
7.15. You will maintain the quality of your distribution services at a level satisfactory to giffgaff and notifying giffgaff of any problems with your participation in this distribution promotion. You shall provide us, on request, with any information we may reasonable require from time to time in connection with your distribution activity.
7.16. You confirm that:
* a) your promotion of giffgaff does not (i) infringe on giffgaff's or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) contain defamatory or libellous material; (iv) contain lewd, pornographic or obscene material; (vii) contain viruses, Trojan horses, or other similar harmful programmes;
* b) if you are promoting giffgaff using a website, you have and comply with a privacy policy that is prominently displayed on your website; and
* c) you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless giffgaff and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all liability, claims, losses, damages, injuries or expenses (including reasonable legal fees) brought by a third party, arising out of a breach, or alleged breach, of any of your representations or obligations.
7.17. giffgaff may terminate the Spread giffgaff scheme at any time, for any reason and if it notifies you of this you must immediately stop any distribution activity and stop using giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks or creative work.
Super Recruiters
7.18. The Super Recruiter Programme (the “Programme") is open to a worldwide audience aged 16 years or over (“Participants”).
7.19. To qualify for the Programme a Participant must recruit 15 or more new Members in their lifetime.
7.20. Participants will start at level 1 (‘Apprentice’) when enrolled onto the Programme. Depending on the number of new Members they recruit ("Recruit(s)") each month they can change between the levels. Levels are calculated monthly based on an average over 3 months. Level 1 (‘Apprentice') is for Participants who recruit up to 14 Recruits in 3 months, Level 2 (‘Expert’) is for Participants who recruit between 15 and 119 Members in 3 months, and Level 3 (‘Master’) is for Participants who recruit 120 or more Members in 3 months. Each level offers different rewards and incentives. Participants can order up to 30 SIM Cards per month, but giffgaff may agree to increase that limit, depending on the likely number needed (the allowance is usually only increased for Masters). giffgaff reserves the right to change a Participant’s level and SIM Card allowance for any reason at any time on reasonable notice. giffgaff also reserves the right to change rewards and incentives available within each level at any time.
7.21. Participants will receive monthly ‘Top-up rewards’ in cash via PayPal if their Recruit tops up, either as credit or a goodybag purchase (but not a queued goodybag purchased previously). The Participant will receive a maximum of two monthly rewards per Recruit if the Recruit tops up twice within 120 days of activating their SIM Card. Top-ups on the same day as activation will be ineligible for super recruiter rewards under the Programme.
7.22. Any and all undisputed and accrued ‘Top up rewards’ will be paid to Participants as close as possible to day 15 of the month, following the month in which the reward was earned. This means that where, for example, Top up rewards are earned right at the end of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 15 days later. Where Top up rewards are earned right at the beginning of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 45 days later. Payments will be paid by PayPal into the account nominated by the Participant for this purpose.
7.23. Participants are responsible for:
* a) providing giffgaff with correct and up-to-date contact and PayPal account details. If a Participant fails to do so he/she may not receive payment under the Programme. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for such occurrences;
* b) keeping the details provided in their Account complete and accurate at all times. giffgaff reserves the right to request proof of any Participant’s identity at any time for the purpose of verifying that they are who they say they are and are not involved in fraudulent activity. At the point at which identification data is requested we will confirm to you how long such information will be retained and for what purpose. Click here to view our privacy policy, which provides a full explanation of how Participant and Member information is used by giffgaff. If the Participant fails to respond to this request within the reasonable time period specified, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1);
* c) ensuring that (i) under no circumstances are Recruits signed up by the Participant directly and without their consent and that (ii) if for any reason, data belonging to Recruits is provided by Participants, this is done only with the relevant Recruit’s prior consent. If it transpires that a Participant is in breach of (i) or (ii) above, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1).
* d) keeping Account log-in details secure. giffgaff will not be responsible for loss, damage or any other issues arising out of unauthorised access to any Participant’s Account;
* e) keeping a record of payments made to them. giffgaff is not liable for any loss of payment;
* f) complying with any additional terms and conditions imposed on them by their nominated Paypal account; and) any tax liability in their country of residence incurred as a result of taking part in the Programme.
7.24. Note that a Participant shall forfeit their entitlement to any rewards accrued but not yet paid under the Programme if he/she fails to provide correct PayPal details within ninety days of any reward being earned.
7.25. The standard monthly SIM Card allowance for a Participant, unless otherwise agreed, will be 30 SIM Card. The SIM Cards can be ordered from giffgaff.com Participants should allow approximately 14 days for delivery. SIM Cards must be activated in the UK and details about how to activate them can be found here.
7.26. Only SIM Cards ordered from a Participant’s Account through the giffgaff website are capable of qualifying Participants for rewards.
7.27. Participants may use certain promotional content that giffgaff provides to them only for the purpose of finding Recruits (for example, through a Participant-created or third party website ("Participant Websites")). However, Participants must strictly adhere to any and all instructions in respect of the use of such content, including (without limitation) brand guidelines and the giffgaff brand pack available here, which may be issued by giffgaff from time to time and giffgaff may suspend a Participant's use of such promotional content if a Participant does not do so. Participants must forward any claims or complaints they may receive in connection with the promotional content to giffgaff immediately. Participants must also remove such content immediately upon giffgaff’s request and promptly provide evidence of the same.
7.28. Participants may not present or use any content within Participant Websites, including, without limitation, graphical images, logos, text copy, editorial copy, press releases or marks, that:
* a) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff;
* b) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
* c)infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* d) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or
* e) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions or with any provision of law.
7.29. Subject to Clause 7.28, giffgaff hereby grants Participants using or running Participant Websites a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable licence to use the giffgaff logo and material ("Intellectual Property") (in each case provided or made available to Participants by giffgaff) solely for the purpose of finding Recruits, provided that giffgaff will keep its right, title and interest in its Intellectual Property, including those that it may use or develop in the future. Participants hereby assign any rights in and to any goodwill resulting from Participants' use of giffgaff’s Intellectual Property to giffgaff and agree that this will not create any right, title or interest for giffgaff.
7.30. Participants shall not:
* a) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property in any form other than as provided by giffgaff;
* b) vary, amend, alter or change in any way (other than sizing) any of giffgaff's Intellectual Property;
* c) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any other written instructions or directions as may be given by giffgaff from time to time; or
* d) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property for any purpose other than for finding Recruits.
7.31. The right of Participants to receive payment is subject to their on-going compliance with these Terms and Conditions. giffgaff may, at its sole discretion, suspend or remove a Participant from the Programme at any time and without notice, and withhold or seek reimbursement of, or payment from any Participant in any circumstances which giffgaff reasonably considers to be serious, including but not limited to the following:
* a) If the Participant has breached these or any other applicable terms and conditions, including but not limited to those relating to giffgaff's Intellectual Property Rights and Participant Websites;
* b) If giffgaff suspects or has reasonable grounds to believe that the Participant has provided incorrect or misleading information to any Member or to giffgaff;
* c) If any Member tops up SIM Cards provided by the Participant using a stolen, invalid or expired credit or debit card or giffgaff is required to refund a credit or debit card provider in respect of any SIM Card top ups;
* d) If giffgaff suspects the Participant or Member is otherwise misusing or interfering in any way with the Programme or the giffgaff Network;
* e) If giffgaff receives a complaint about a Participant; or
* f) If the Participant has otherwise engaged in conduct which may breach any law or regulation or harm giffgaff’s reputation.
7.32. Any individual’s personal information obtained under this Programme will be used in accordance with giffgaff’s Privacy Policy, which is available at giffgaff.com.
7.33. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for any incorrectly completed, lost or delayed registration applications, notices, acceptances or other documents related to the Programme.
7.34. giffgaff may amend, suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any time and for any reason on at least 30 days’ notice, which will be provided by email to Participants and/or on giffgaff’s website and/or on account. Any rewards genuinely accrued before the date on which the Programme is amended, suspended, withdrawn or terminated as appropriate will be paid as provided by these terms.
7.35. All decisions by giffgaff on matters relating to the Programme are final and no correspondence will be entered into.
[Top]
8. Our Website
8.1. Opinions expressed on giffgaff.com are those of the respective contributing users only. Such views do not represent those of giffgaff, its management or employees. giffgaff is not responsible for and disclaims all liability for Content and comments contributed by users.
8.2. You must not use the Blog or Forum to display any material which is:
* a) racist, sexist, homophobic, pornographic, obscene, profane, vulgar;
* b) defamatory of any person, entity or organisation;
* c) abusive, threatening or otherwise likely to be harmful to those persons likely to use the giffgaff site;
* d) in contravention of any relevant local, national or international law or which incites or encourages the contravention of any such law;
* e) otherwise offensive in the opinion of giffgaff;
* f) infringing of the Rights (including the Intellectual Property Rights) of any legal or natural person; or
* g) related to the conduct of a business other than giffgaff.
8.3. You understand that by posting to a Blog or Forum your post/comment can be traced to your specific user account containing your email address, user name, date and time of sign up and IP address at date and time of posting.
8.4. By posting comments on this Blog or Forum, you agree to allow the content to be re-used or quoted by giffgaff without notification.
8.5. giffgaff members under the age of 18 must seek parental or guardian consent prior to contributing to the blog.
8.6. Users sometimes include references to other websites beyond the control of giffgaff. As such giffgaff cannot be held responsible for the content of such websites. We will delete advertising posts as the Blog or Forum is not a means for advertisers to promote their websites or products. giffgaff moderators will decide what is acceptable or not on a case by case basis.
8.6. You shall retain exclusive ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights, as may accrue to you by operation of law, in any posts, material, commentary, ideas that you post on giffgaff.com or any other website run by giffgaff (together the "Posts").
8.7. If your Post or any element of it is accepted or implemented by giffgaff, you hereby agree to grant to giffgaff an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, licence to use, copy, install, maintain, modify, enhance and adapt your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (this licence shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions). giffgaff may also assign its licence to use your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (or any part thereof) to any third party to which it may outsource the operation of a part of giffgaff's operations or business provided such third party's use, copying, installation, maintenance, modification, enhancement and adaptation is solely for the purpose of providing a service to giffgaff.
8.8. giffgaff shall be the exclusive owner of any Intellectual Property Rights which accrue with respect to any modifications, enhancements and/or adaptations which it makes to the Posts.
[Top]
9. Device Orders
9.1. This Clause 9 only applies if you have purchased your device from us.
9.2. New members will be required to purchase a goodybag as part of their handset order (this does not apply to pre-owned devices). The goodybag is non-refundable without the full return of the device in accordance with term 9.17 and our change of mind policy.
9.3. Charges for devices will be detailed on giffgaff.com. The cost will be payable at the time of purchase either by a cash payment or using a loan arranged by RateSetter (see Clause 10 below).
9.4. Any device that we deliver to you is your responsibility. Once you've received it and paid for it, you own the device. This does not affect your rights to carry out any of the actions set out in 9.5-9.7 below.
9.5. Any returns or refunds in respect of devices purchased from us are subject to our returns policy You may return a device to us once for a full refund within 14 calendar days from the date of delivery and if your device has a fault when it arrives you can return it for replacement or a full refund within 30 days of receiving it.
9.6. If you are entitled to a refund, you will be refunded the full amount that you have paid for the device when we get the device back from you, less any Charges (as outlined in the returns policy). This refund will come from giffgaff and, if you have taken out a loan with RateSetter, then they will also refund you your payments to date.
9.7. We'll bear the reasonable postage costs of you returning the device to us with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging, as long as you follow our returns policy. We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly. We recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received.
9.8. If there is a device fault which develops after 30 days of the device having been delivered to you, then you should book a repair as soon as possible. Your repair could be chargeable if your handset warranty is no longer valid. If another fault has been established on your device, you may be entitled to additional remedies, depending on how long you have had the device for.
9.9. giffgaff only sells unlocked devices, but some manufacturers impose particular requirements as to how a device must be activated in order to function properly, and geographical limitations on where a device can be used. Please check your device packaging and/or user guide for more information.
9.10. We can only deliver to a valid UK address and will deliver within 30 days. There are certain circumstances where your order may be delayed:
* a) orders placed at the weekend or on a bank holiday will require at least one extra working day for delivery (for most postcodes, orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will normally be delivered on a Tuesday);
* b) any unforeseen stock shortages. If this happens, we will notify you of any delay;
* c) certain remote postcodes will require additional time for delivery; and
* d) if we cannot obtain immediate security clearance for payment of your order. The security of our Members is paramount so these checks are essential to combat fraudulent use of payment and address details.
9.11. No orders for devices shall be accepted if received from outside the United Kingdom.
9.12. Despite our best efforts, occasionally products in our online shop may be incorrectly priced and therefore we cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted. In addition, details may be updated from time to time and are subject to change. If we discover a pricing error, or there is a change in price before dispatch, we will contact you to reconfirm your order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable time, we may cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless otherwise stated, prices are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
9.13. You must ensure that prior to placing an order you have checked all relevant details about the products and/or services you have selected. All products and services advertised are subject to availability.
9.14. The information displayed on giffgaff.com, including prices, does not constitute an offer to enter into a sale agreement and neither we, nor any third parties that offer services via giffgaff.com shall be obliged to accept your orders. If we do, acceptance will be confirmed by email (to the email address supplied by you when the order was placed) and in our dispatching of the Device to you. Where products are sent separately, our acceptance will relate only to those products actually dispatched.
9.15. One-off payment can be made by Mastercard, Visa, or Visa Debit and payment will be taken from you when the order is placed. You confirm that the credit or debit card that is being used is yours. All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card does not, for any reason, authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
9.16. Only Members can purchase handsets from us.
9.17. If you cancel your order and return your handset in accordance with our returns policy, you will also be entitled to a refund on your goodybag. You will only receive a refund for your goodybag if your SIM Card has not been activated. You do not need to return your SIM Card to us and you will need to contact an agent independently of returning your handset to receive a refund on your goodybag.
9.18. You may purchase ‘nearly new’ devices which we refer to as ‘refurbished’ devices. These have been returned under the 14-day Change of Mind Policy with no reported faults. They have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality, and have been returned to their original condition. Nearly new devices are not provided in original packaging and come with a data cable. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 12-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you buy a nearly new device.
9.19. You may also purchase devices which have been through a recycling programme which we refer to as ‘pre-owned’ devices. These devices have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality so that they are ready for use. These devices are not provided in original packaging but come with a data cable and a SIM key. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 6-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you purchase a recycled device
9.20. If you purchase your phone on a date which is covered within the giffgaff free phone accessories voucher offer, you will receive a free phone accessories voucher. The voucher code will be emailed to you 15 days after the date of the phone purchase and valid until the date specified T&Cs of the offer
9.21. Phone accessories vouchers can be claimed at phonegoodies.co.uk and are valid against the cost of products sold within the online store, excluding any delivery costs. The vouchers are valid for a single use only and are not exchangeable for cash.
9.22. As our free phone accessories vouchers are valid for a white label site controlled and supplied by Kondor, their terms and conditions also apply to purchases and the redemption of the vouchers.
9.23. Nothing in this Clause 9 affects your statutory rights.
[Top]
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
10.1. This Clause 10 only applies if you have applied for a loan facilitated by RateSetter's loan exchange service through giffgaff money, or when purchasing a device on giffgaff.com where such purchase is facilitated by such a loan.
10.2. The facilitation of your loan is provided as a service to you by RateSetter. In order to take out your loan you will have entered into a contract with RateSetter, and also a loan agreement with the lender you’re matched with via RateSetter’s exchange. Although we may provide you, via giffgaff.com, with information about your loan, this information is provided to us by RateSetter and you should contact RateSetter if you have any queries or wish to take any action in respect of the loan.
10.3. In order to assess whether or not RateSetter are able to provide you with a loan via its exchange, RateSetter will carry out an independent credit check on you and will use the exchange to identify if there is a suitable lender available. If RateSetter is not satisfied with the credit check results or if there is no suitable lender available to lend at the applicable interest rate, then RateSetter will not be able to facilitate a loan for you.
10.4. If you exercise your right to cancel a purchase paid with a loan, in accordance with Clause 9.4 above, or the returns policy, you will be deemed to have terminated your loan agreement arranged via RateSetter and we will return the related monies we originally received to fund your device (in the event of handset loans) to RateSetter. RateSetter will remain responsible for refunding any loan payments to you that you have already made.
[Top]
11. Internet Access
11.1. If you use your SIM Card in a mobile phone which enables access to the Internet (“Mobile Internet Phone”) the following terms and conditions also apply to you.
11.2. We or our contractual partners may provide links to web sites or resources. We neither accept responsibility for third party web sites or resources nor endorse their content.
11.3. You understand that you, and not us, are entirely responsible for all the visual, textual or other information that you upload, email or otherwise transmit via Internet access, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted.
11.4. Your dealings with, and interest in, promotions, services, or merchants found by using your Mobile Internet Phone on or via the Internet are solely between you and the person with whom you are dealing, unless explicitly stated by us. We will not be responsible for any losses or damages that may arise from any such dealings with third parties.
11.5. Access to secure financial transactions will be dependent on the make and model of your Mobile Internet Phone and the third party supplier of Content.
11.6. giffgaff is a signatory to the Open Internet Code of Practice and as such are committed to being open and transparent about any traffic management policies. Please see our Key Facts Indicator for more information.
[Top]
12. Limitation of Liability
12.1. Our liability shall not be limited to you in respect of death or personal injury to any person resulting from our own negligence and any other type of liability which we cannot exclude or limit under the laws of England and Wales.
12.2. Subject to Clause 12.1, we have no liability to you:
* a) other than to exercise the reasonable care and skill of a competent mobile telecommunications provider or retailer;
* b) if we cannot provide the Service to you because of something beyond our reasonable control;
* c) for losses that haven’t resulted naturally from our breach or that we couldn’t have foreseen, or loss of profit, loss of business, costs, expenses or any other form of financial loss. Nor shall we be liable to you for any loss of income, business or profits (including loss of revenue) or for any loss of data in connection with your use of the Service; or
* d) for the deletion, loss or corruption of any Content transmitted or maintained by the Network, unless caused by our negligence.
12.3. Subject to Clause 12.1, our liability to you under the Terms and Conditions will not exceed £3,000.
12.4. We will provide you with compensation that you are entitled to in accordance with your legal rights.
[Top]
13. Cancellation Rights
Your right to cancel
13.1. Subject to Clause 13.2 below, you are entitled to cancel your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions at any time up to 14 days after placing your order for the Service (the “Cooling-Off Period”), provided that you cancel in accordance with our cancellation policy or notify us in writing to Member Services. This does not affect your statutory rights.
13.2. Please note that by using your activated SIM Card you will be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions. You agree that the Service may start before the end of the Cooling-Off Period. If you have used airtime credit or Bundle prior to cancellation you will not be refunded the used airtime credit or such proportion of the Bundle that you have used as calculated by us.
Our rights to bar or disconnect your SIM Card
13.3. Your SIM Card will be disconnected unless, at least once every six months, your Account is used to:
* a) make at least one call, SMS or MMS to another number (not including calls to emergency services or Member Services);
* b) make at least one connection to the Internet;
* c) make at least one airtime credit or Bundle purchase
13.4. If your SIM Card is disconnected, you will lose any remaining credit or Bundle balance on your Account. giffgaff recycles numbers and we will not be able to reconnect once a number is disconnected and recycled. giffgaff may reconnect you if any disconnection was due to our negligence.
[Top]
14. Mobile phone locking
Your mobile phone may be locked to another Network. If this is the case, be aware that unlocking your handset may invalidate your handset's warranty and/or permanently damage the handset or the data stored on it, and does not excuse you from any contractual obligations you may have with the original Network owner. Failure to enter the correct unlocking code may result in your mobile phone becoming permanently blocked. We are not responsible for mobile phones blocked in this way.
[Top]
15. Promotions
From time to time we may invite you to take up offers, additional services or promotions. Those offers, additional services, or promotions may have additional terms and conditions. See promotional terms
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change our Terms and Conditions from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to these terms by posting them on our website at giffgaff.com. We may also notify you by voicemail, text or media message, by means of national advertising campaigns or by email.
[Top]
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
17.1. Your information is treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
17.2 You authorise us to use and disclose, in the UK and abroad, information about (i) you, your use of the Service (including, but not limited to, phone numbers and email addresses of calls, texts and other communications made and received by you and the date, duration, time and cost of such communications), (ii) how you conduct your account and (iii) the location of your mobile phone, for the purposes of operating your account and providing you with the Service or as required under law to our associated companies or agents, any telecommunications company, debt collection agency or credit reference agency. You agree that the information may be used by other parties in assessing applications for credit from you and members of your household and for debt tracing, credit management and may be used by us or other parties for crime and fraud detection and prevention.
17.3 If you joined us after 25 May 2018, neither we nor third parties will ever send you marketing information unless you have positively consented to our doing so when you registered with us or under the My profile and settings tab of your Account.
17.4 You can change your marketing contact preferences at any time through the contact preferences section of your Account (which can be found in My profile and settings). If you're not a registered Member yet, and you wish to opt-out of communications from us, send an email to removeme@giffgaff.co.uk. Neither we nor third parties will ever send marketing information to Members who are opted out of receiving it.
[Top]
18. General
18.1. If either of us fails to enforce our rights under the Terms and Conditions, it shall not prevent either of us from taking action later.
18.2. Each sub-clause in these Terms and Conditions operates separately. If any part is found by a court to be unreasonable or inapplicable the other parts will continue to apply.
18.3. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
[Top]
19. How to Contact Us
If you need to contact giffgaff Member Service please visit giffgaff.com and click on ‘Contact Us’. The European Online Dispute Resolution site ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ allows consumers to submit disputes relating to online purchases with us. If you're unhappy with any part of our service and want to make a complaint please check our Complaints code of practice. This includes the latest information on alternative dispute resolutions.
2. OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE
2.1 Lycamobile will provide the Services to you using its own Network and the Networks of one or more telecommunications operators. Occasionally any of these Networks may be unavailable for maintenance, modifications, upgrades, emergencies or to protect the security of the Network. At these times the Services may be temporarily unavailable.
2.2 Mobile telephony is a form of wireless communication and operates on the basis of the transmission of radio and signal frequencies. The transmission of these radio and signal frequencies may be affected by congestion on the Network due to the number of calls or messages or the amount of data being sent and received.
2.3 The transmission of the radio and signal frequencies may also be affected by the location of the base stations, obstacles such as buildings or underpasses, and by external factors such as geographic or atmospheric conditions. The Services may also be affected by the quality of the GSM mobile telephone chosen and used by you.
2.4 The Roaming Services are subject to the roaming contracts and service quality levels that have been agreed between other national and international telecommunications operators. Lycamobile does not have any control over the contracts or service quality levels agreed between these telecommunications operators.
2.5 For the reasons described above, Lycamobile does not warrant or guarantee that the Services will be uninterrupted or error free (in terms of Network availability, quality or coverage) in all locations at all times, or that the Services will be suitable for your specific requirements, or that the Services will be completely secure against unauthorised interception 0cf333 .
2.6 Lycamobile will endeavour to keep any disruption to the Services to a minimum; however Lycamobile will not be liable to you for any loss, damage or inconvenience incurred by you as a result of any disruption to the Services for the reasons described above.
2.7 Associated with your SIM Card is the PIN code (personal identification number) and the PUK code (personal unlocking key). 0cf333 The PIN and PUK codes must never be kept together. 0cf333 You will take every necessary precaution to preserve the secrecy of your PIN and PUK codes. 0cf333 You will be liable for any fraudulent or improper use of your SIM Card or Account that results from the intentional or accidental disclosure of your PIN or PUK code or the transfer of your SIM Card to another person 0cf333 .
2.8 Our Customer Services Department can supply details of the other mobile operators we have porting arrangements with from time-to-time.
3. SIM CARD
3.1 The SIM Card is used by inserting it into a compatible GSM mobile telephone. When the SIM Card has been inserted and you have registered or activated your Account, you will have access to, and be able to use, the Services.
3.2 The SIM Card remains the exclusive property of Lycamobile. 0cf333 You must retain the SIM Card and not lose or damage the SIM Card. Lycamobile will only replace a SIM Card where it is found to be defective by reason of faulty workmanship or design. 0cf333 Lycamobile may charge you for a replacement SIM Card where Lycamobile reasonably believes that you are responsible for the loss or damage of your original SIM Card or where someone has stolen your original SIM Card. 0cf333 It is your responsibility to promptly inform Lycamobile of any loss, damage or theft to your SIM Card, or any fraudulent or improper use of your SIM Card. 0cf333 You agree that once you start using the Services or the Top Up Services you will lose any right to cancel this Agreement under distance selling legislation 0cf333 .
3.3 If you do not use your SIM Card to make a voice call, or send a message or data, or if you do not purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date you registered or activated your Account or your last use of the Services (whichever is later), Lycamobile will contact you by SMS or e-mail advising you that your SIM Card will be deactivated. Lycamobile will then provide you with an additional thirty (30) days to make a voice call, send a message or data, or purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services.
3.4 If you make a voice call, send a message or data, or purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services within the additional thirty (30) day period, your SIM Card will remain active. Any previous credit balance in your Account will remain available for you to use, and you will be able to access and use the Services.
3.5 If you do not make a voice call, send a message or data, or purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services within the additional thirty (30) day period, your SIM Card will be deactivated 0cf333 . If the SIM Card is deactivated, your specific telephone number will be reallocated to another Customer, you will not be able to access or use the Services, and you will not be entitled to a refund of any credit balance in your Account 0cf333 .
4. TOP-UP SERVICES
4.1 The Services are prepaid services. 0cf333 You are required to Top Up in advance so your Account is in credit. As Charges are incurred they will be deducted from the amount credited to your Account. 0cf333 No bill or invoice or statement will be issued to you. 0cf333 You may check your credit balance from time-to-time by calling our Customer Services Department 0cf333 .
4.2 You pay for the Services by topping-up your Account using any one of the Top-Up Services available from Lycamobile. You may use the Top-Up Services at any time after registration or activation of your Account. There are several ways that you may top-up your Account:
You may purchase a Top-Up Voucher at any participating retail outlet and activate the PIN code by following the dialling instructions on the Top-Up Voucher. You may also activate the PIN code for a Top-Up Voucher purchased at a participating retail outlet by using the Online Top-Up Service.
You may register your details with Lycamobile, purchase a Top-Up Voucher online and activate the PIN Code by using the Online Top-Up service.
You may register your details with Lycamobile and subscribe to “My Lycamobile” and the Auto Top-Up Facility.
You may register your details with Lycamobile and then contact the Customer Services Department.
4.3 If you top-up your Account within ninety (90) days from the date you registered or activated your Account or your last use of the Services (whichever is later), the amount of the top-up credit you purchased will be added to the credit balance in your Account at the time of your top-up.
4.4 The credit balance in your Account may only be used for the Services. You are not entitled to receive any cash refund for any credit balance remaining in your Account at any time, including where you fail to use the Services and your SIM Card has been deactivated or where this Agreement has been terminated.
4.5 Interest is not payable on any credit balance in your Account. Each time you use the Services (or someone else uses your GSM mobile telephone) the credit balance in your Account will be reduced for the voice call, message or data you are making or sending according to the destination and the current Charges.
4.6 From 5 August 2014 any new top up credit shall expire ninety [90] days from the date of top-up or recharge. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not apply to the existing credit balance in your Account before 5 August 2014.
4.7 Each call is charged excluding VAT to 3 decimal places. All calls for that month are aggregated and then rounded using normal rounding rules (if the last digit is a 4 or lower we’ll round down, otherwise we’ll round up). Where applicable, VAT (at the prevailing rate) is then added to the total of all charges on your bill, with the VAT part of the charge being rounded down to the nearest penny
4.8 A standard text message is 160 characters long. You can send longer ones on some handsets. A longer text is divided into the number of standard texts required to convey the message. Each text will be charged at the standard rate for your price plan. We do not guarantee delivery of any text or MMS message you send
5. ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
5.1 You agree to use the SIM Card in a compatible GSM mobile telephone for the purpose of using the Services.
5.2 You agree not to use the SIM Card or the Services and not to permit another person to use your SIM Card or the Services:
fraudulently or in connection with a criminal offence;
For the purpose of making an unsolicited communication or storing and/ or communicating any material which is offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing, a nuisance or a hoax, or which is a breach of privacy, an infringement of copyright, or is otherwise unlawful,
To knowingly and deliberately cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to another person,
To make any offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing call to any Customer Services Department representative,
To transmit a virus or other malicious software, use the Services in a manner that impairs the operation or security of the Network or may cause death, personal injury or damage to property,
with equipment that is not approved for use with the Network, including, but not limited to, SIM-boxes and SIM-gateways, and
To support calls to call forwarding services, onward calling services or calls to telephone numbers which pay a revenue share or resell to others or commercially exploit our Services.
otherwise than in line with the conditions of this Agreement.
5.3 If Lycamobile reasonably suspects that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of clause 5.2, Lycamobile shall have the right to suspend, partially or fully, your access to the Services and/ or terminate this Agreement without prior notice and with immediate effect. If Lycamobile terminates this Agreement for this reason, your SIM Card will be deactivated. If the SIM Card is deactivated, your specific telephone number will be reallocated to another Customer, you will not be able to access or use the Services, and you will not be entitled to a refund of any credit balance in your Account.
5.4 Upon activation of a SIM Card, the purchase of a Top-Up Voucher or the use of the Top-Up Services, you may be required to register your Personal Data with Lycamobile, such as your name, address, date of birth, credit card or debit card details. If Lycamobile determines that the Personal Data that you provide is false, Lycamobile shall have the right to suspend, partially or fully, your access to the Services and/ or terminate this Agreement without prior notice and with immediate effect 0cf333 . If Lycamobile terminates this Agreement for this reason, your SIM Card will be deactivated. If the SIM Card is deactivated, your specific telephone number will be reallocated to another Customer, you will not be able to access or use the Services, and you will not be entitled to a refund of any credit balance in your Account.
5.5 If the use of any bundle or plan that includes ‘unlimited’ calls or texts provided as part of the service exceeds the amount reasonably expected of a person using the service for personal purposes, we reserve the right to 0cf333
Restrict your service 0cf333
5.6 Lycamobile reserves the right, in its absolute discretion (and without prior notice), to restrict or prevent access to certain websites and services over its Network, including Voice over Internet Protocol (‘VoIP’) services. 0cf333 When we decide to restrict or prevent access under this paragraph, you may receive a message stating that the website or service is “not available” 0cf333 .
6. DATA PROTECTION AND PERSONAL DATA
6.1 Lycamobile will only generate, collect, use, process and store your Personal Data in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, as amended from time to time.
6.2 Lycamobile has implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss or alteration, or unauthorised or unlawful storage, processing, access or disclosure.
6.3 By registering or activating an Account with Lycamobile, you consent to Lycamobile collecting, processing and sharing Personal Data provided by you or generated in the course of supplying the Services to you, including details of voice calls, messages or data that you have sent (“Traffic Data”) and the geographic position of your GSM mobile telephone (“Location Data”) for the purpose of:
 supplying the Products and Services to you,
 the administration of your Account by the Customer Services Department,
 providing you with service information, for example about Network faults,
 the prevention or detection of fraud,
 market research and profiling your usage and purchase preferences, and
 complying with applicable laws and regulations.
6.4 For Lycamobile to perform its obligations under this Agreement, Lycamobile may need to disclose your Personal Data to other companies that will process your Personal Data on behalf of Lycamobile. These third parties are permitted to use your data only in accordance with our instructions and the law.
6.5 Lycamobile may also need to transfer your Personal Data to third parties, for example our suppliers and service providers, in countries outside the European Economic Area. For example, Lycamobile uses call centre and technical services from an associated company based in India. Where the data protection laws of these countries do not provide the same level of data protection as in the UK, we will take steps to ensure your privacy rights are at least as compliant with the requirements of UK law, including requiring appropriate security measures from such third parties, set out in a contract between us, to protect your Personal Data; and monitoring compliance with such security measures for the lifetime of our relationship with such third parties.
6.6 Lycamobile may use third party software which modifies the adverting content on website pages you choose to view when using our data Services. A persistent cookie is placed on your device which enables our third party software provider to collect anonymous data for statistical reporting purposes to Lycamobile. To ensure the privacy of your data, only pseudonymised and/or anonymous data is collected or shared with such third parties and no personally identifiable data is ever shared. Please view our cookie policy for specific guidance on disabling cookies if you do not wish to have your anonymous data used in this way.
6.7 Lycamobile may from time to time monitor or record your conversations with the Customer Services Department. This may be done for quality control purposes, to improve the Services, to ensure compliance with governmental, regulatory or enforcement agency requests or to detect fraud. .
6.8 Lycamobile will, subject to the applicable laws and regulations, provide you with a copy of your Personal Data stored by Lycamobile upon your written request. Lycamobile may charge a nominal administration fee for providing you with a copy of your Personal Data. It is your responsibility to notify Lycamobile of any changes to any Personal Data provided by you to Lycamobile. You may also request that any incorrect information is corrected. Where permitted by the applicable laws and regulations, Lycamobile will delete Personal Data upon your written request.
6.9 Lycamobile and other Lyca companies may contact you by post, telephone, e-mail or SMS to let you know about products and services offered by Lycamobile, other Lyca group companies or selected third parties, including any special offers and promotions, which may interest you. If you do not wish to receive this information or be contacted in this way, you may at any time, free of any charge, opt out of this direct marketing by requesting to be put on a designated list. You may make this request by contacting the Customer Services Department or by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@lycamobile.co.uk
7. LIABILITY OF LYCAMOBILE
7.1Lycamobile does not accept any liability for the delivery, performance and use of the Products and Services other than as stated in this Agreement.
7.2 Lycamobile is not responsible for damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you and that results from the content of any voice call, message or data sent or received by you 0cf333 .
7.3 Lycamobile is not responsible for damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you and that results from the involvement of a third party, including governmental, judicial or administrative bodies.
7.4 Lycamobile is not responsible for any damage or loss incurred by you where such damage or loss is indirect or not a reasonably foreseeable result of a breach by us; nor where we are not at fault or to the extent you have contributed to the damage or loss.
7.5 In the event your SIM Card is lost or stolen, or you believe your SIM Card is being used in a fraudulent or improper manner by another person, you must promptly contact the Customer Services Department. Lycamobile will then be able to block the use of your SIM Card. If you fail to promptly contact the Customer Services Department, you will be liable for all Charges relating to the use of the SIM Card until you do notify us, regardless of whether the Charges were incurred by you or someone else.
7.6 Lycamobile is not responsible for the failure of any retail outlet to properly activate your SIM Card or Top-Up Voucher or process any payment you made. In these cases, you should contact the retail outlet where you obtained your SIM Card or purchased your Top-Up Voucher and request a refund.
7.7 You are advised that it is illegal to operate a mobile telephone while driving a motor vehicle, and acknowledge the inherent risk in the use of a mobile telephone while driving a motor vehicle. Lycamobile is not responsible for damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you and that results from any accident caused by the use of a mobile telephone while driving a motor vehicle.
7.8 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit the liability of either Party for death or personal injury caused by that Party’s negligence, liability arising under the Consumer Protection Act 1987 or the consequence of wilful misconduct, fraud, gross negligence of that Party or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.
7.9 The liability of Lycamobile to you under this Agreement shall be limited to a total maximum aggregate amount of £1,000.00 per claim or series of related claims.
7.10 If you incur any damage or loss or inconvenience, you must notify the Customer Services Department in writing of the claim as soon as possible and in any event within four (4) weeks after the discovery by you of the claim. Damage, loss or inconvenience that has not been reported in writing to the Customer Services Department within this four (4) week period shall not be compensated. This four (4) week period will not apply if you are using the Services as an individual consumer (and not in combination with a trade or business) and you could not have been reasonably expected to notify the Customer Services Department in writing within this period.
7.11 Lycamobile is not responsible for any damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you, and will not be liable to provide the Products or Services, as a result of any reason outside the control of Lycamobile, including but not limited to an Act of God, natural disaster, industrial action, war (whether declared or undeclared), civil unrest or acts of terrorism, acts of government or local authority or regulatory body, or any act or decision made by a court of competent jurisdiction. These reasons are also known as “force majeure”.
8. CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT
8.1 Lycamobile reserves the right to change these terms and conditions for legal or regulatory reasons. We may also need to change these terms and conditions as a result of changes by our Network suppliers or for other technical or commercial reasons, such as changes to our Products and Services. We may also change our Charges or introduce new Charges. Changes to Charges will be reflected in our tariff table from time to time.
8.2 If a change will be materially detrimental to you, Lycamobile will give you at least one month’s notice. If you do not accept a change which is notified to you as materially detrimental then you can cancel this Agreement or cease using the Services or topping-up your Account. If you use the Services or top-up your Account after Lycamobile makes a change, then you are deemed to accept the change.
8.3 Please check our website regularly for any changes. We may also notify you of changes by way of advertisement in the national media, by email, by post, or by text message or by other reasonable means. We may also place a recorded message on the phone number for our Customer Services Department.
9. GENERAL PROVISIONS
9.1 If you have a complaint or query about the Products or Services you can call our Customer Services Department in the ways set out in clause 1.6 of this Agreement or email complaints@lycamobile.co.uk. You may also contact the Ombudsman Services. The Ombudsman Services is an independent body who can help resolve problems or complaints between us: for more information, see www.ombudsman-services.org
9.2 This Agreement represents the entire agreement between Lycamobile and you in relation to the Products and Services. It takes precedence over all prior agreements (written and oral), and all representations or other communications between Lycamobile and you. The retail outlets are not authorised by us to amend this Agreement or to agree any terms which are inconsistent with these terms and conditions.
9.3 No term or condition of this Agreement is enforceable by any third party (a person who is not a party to this Agreement) under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act, 1999.
9.4 Failure or delay by either Lycamobile or the Customer to enforce any right under this Agreement shall not prevent Lycamobile or the Customer (as the case may be) from taking further action.
9.5 If any term or condition of this Agreement is determined to be partially or wholly void or unenforceable by any court or body of competent jurisdiction or as a result of any legislation, it shall be void and unenforceable only to that extent. The validity and enforceability of the other terms and conditions shall not be affected.
9.6 Lycamobile is entitled to assign all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party. You are entitled to assign all of your rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party with the written consent of Lycamobile.
9.7 This Agreement is governed by English law and the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute under this Agreement.
10. POSTPAID PLAN
10.1.DELIVERY & POSTAGE
New SIM purchased may take up to 5 working days to deliver. We will post your SIM card via Royal Mail, free of postage charge. Delivery address must be the same as the Billing address – i.e. the address your credit/debit card is registered to.
10.2CREDIT CHECK
Not required.
10.3ALLOWANCE
Your inclusive allowance can be used to make:
Calls to standard UK landlines ( numbers starting 01,02,03 only);
Calls to standard UK mobile numbers;
Text message to standard UK mobile numbers; and
Mobile data usage in UK.
Non-inclusive usage includes:
International Standard Roaming; and
Calls to standard UK mobile numbers;
International Text message.
10.4 ROAMING
Roaming Services: The mobile telephone services that you use when travelling outside the United Kingdom. EEA Roaming services are subject to additional terms and a fair usage policy, see https://www.lycamobile.co.uk/en/roaming-within-eu-countries/
10.5UPFRONT COST:
There is no upfront fees apply for the SIM only deals. You will only be charged for the tariff you have chosen at the beginning of each billing cycle.
10.6TOP UP OR PAYMENT
You may need to top up or make a payment using a debit/credit card in order to make calls, text & data usage out of your plan inclusive allowance, Premium & non- geographic number calls, calls & text message to international numbers or Standard International Roaming.
10.7LYCAMOBILE AIRTIME ADVANCE
If you reach the limit of your prepaid allowance, you may Top Up as usual and/or ask for a Lycamobile Airtime Advance which you can pay for later – at the beginning of the next billing cycle.
If you go over your plan allowance or other usage in any month,(e.g. International calls & calls to Premium numbers) and you send us a text requesting the Lycamobile Airtime Advance, then we will provide a Lycamobile Airtime Advance and let you to go further up to an additional £3.00 cap (the amount of the Lycamobile Airtime Advance is subject to change) on condition that you pay for that Lycamobile Airtime Advance at the beginning of the next billing cycle.
If you’ve reached the limit of your Lycamobile Airtime Advance and have therefore used up all of your monthly allowance and Lycamobile Airtime Advance, then you can still enjoy further services by Top Up. Even if you do not Top Up, you’ll still be able to enjoy receiving calls and texts.
If for your convenience you wish to switch off the text request feature for the Lycamobile Airtime Advance, then you may do so on-line and you may then automatically have the Lycamobile Airtime Advance available to you on the same conditions of payment as above, without the need to text and request it every time your prepaid allowance is reached.
10.8PRICING
If a Lycamobile Airtime Advance is taken, it is provided on condition that it is paid for fully at the beginning of the next billing cycle.
10.9PAYMENT
Your tariff plan charge will be deducted at the beginning of each billing cycle.Recurring monthly bill Payment will be taken from the debit/credit card used to make the first payment. Payments for the other usage can be made using Debit/Credit card. The name and the address of the card holder should be same as the registered account holder.
Payments for the other charges such as the LycamobileAirtime Advance could be made bycalling our customer care team on 322.
If you change your name, address telephone number or payment details or there are any other changes to your bank account which may affect your payment of the charges you must let us know.
10.10 BILLING
Each billing period comprises of a 30 days billing cycle.If you are an existing customeryour billing will start from the day of purchase of a plan. Fornew customers the billing cycle of 30 days will begin from the day of SIM activation.
Payment for the Lycamobile Airtime Advance will be taken at the beginning of the next billing cycle following theLycamobile Airtime Advance in any month.
10.11BILLS
The price shown requires you to use e-billing. For monthly price with paper bill add £1.00.
10.12REFUNDS
We will not provide any refund for any plans purchased UNLESS no service has been used. If you change your mind within 24 hours of purchase of a plan & allowance not used, you may request a refund OR could change it to a different plan by calling our customer service.
10.13CANCELLATION
If you think not to continue the chosen plan, you need to give a notice by calling our customer service before expiry of that plan. You should pay all due amounts before the plan is cancelled.
11. DEVICES
11.1 This Clause 10 only applies if you have purchased your device from us.
11.2 Charges for devices will be detailed on lycamobile.com. The cost will be payable at the time of purchase either by a debit or credit card.
11.3 Any device that we deliver to you is your responsibility. Once you’ve received it and paid for it , you own the device. This does not affect your rights to carry out any of the actions set out in 10.4-10.6 below.
11.4 Any returns or refunds in respect of devices purchased from us are subject to our Returns Policy if you change your mind you may return a device to us once for a full refund within 14 days working days from the date of delivery if the handset box seal is unbroken or if your device is deemed ‘dead’ on arrival or faulty you can return it for replacement or repair or a full refund within 14 calendar days of receiving it.
11.5 If you are entitled to a refund, you will be refunded the full amount that you have paid for the device when we get the device back from you, less any Charges (as outlined in the Returns Policy). This refund will come from Lycamobile.
11.6 We’ll only bear the Postage charges if the phone is deemed dead on arrival or is faulty 0cf333 . In this case we will post out a prepaid envelope to the customer. It is your responsibility to ensure you return the device with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging 0cf333 . We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly 0cf333 . In the case where you will pay for returning the device yourself we recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received 0cf333 .
11.7 If there is a device fault which develops after 14 days of the device having been delivered to you, then you should book a repair as soon as possible. Your repair will be chargeable if your handset warranty is no longer valid.
11.8 We’ll only bear the Postage charges if the phone is deemed dead on arrival or is faulty. In this case we will post out a prepaid envelope to the customer. It is your responsibility to ensure you return the device with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging. We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly. In the case where you will pay for returning the device yourself we recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received.
11.9 Customer Services Department: The department of Lycamobile that you may contact for any enquiries about the Products or Services. You may contact the Customer Services Department in several ways:
orders placed at the weekend or on a bank holiday will require at least one extra working day for delivery (for most postcodes, orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will normally be delivered on a Tuesday);
any unforeseen stock shortages. If this happens, we will notify you of any delay;
certain remote postcodes will require additional time for delivery; and
if we cannot obtain immediate security clearance for payment of your order. The security of our customers is paramount so these checks are essential to combat fraudulent use of payment and address details.
11.10 No orders for devices shall be accepted if received from outside the United Kingdom.
11.11 Despite our best efforts, occasionally products in our online shop may be incorrectly priced and therefore we cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted 0cf333 . In addition, details may be updated from time to time and are subject to change 0cf333 . If we discover a pricing error, or there is a change in price before dispatch, we will contact you to reconfirm your order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable time, we may cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation 0cf333 . Unless otherwise stated, prices are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
11.12 You must ensure that prior to placing an order you have checked all relevant details about the products and/or services you have selected. All products and services advertised are subject to availability.
11.13 The information displayed on lycamobile.com, including prices, does not constitute an offer to enter into a sale agreement and neither we, nor any third parties that offer services via lyca.com shall be obliged to accept your orders. If we do, acceptance will be confirmed by email (to the email address supplied by you when the order was placed) and in our dispatching of the Device to you. Where products are sent separately, our acceptance will relate only to those products actually dispatched.
11.14 If you cancel your order and return your handset in accordance with our Returns Policy, you will also be entitled to a full refund if also your bundle has not been used. If any part of your bundle has been used we will deduct the full price of the bundle from the cost of your handset.
11.15Nothing in this Clause 10 affects your statutory rights.
12. Vdoc Terms and conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Please find below our Terms and Conditions. By submitting an order, you are accepting the Terms and Conditions of vdoc London Region Limited.
Please note that vdoc can only provide non- emergency medical services. If you are suffering from acute head or heart pains or have suffered a trauma that requires immediate medical attention, you should call 999 and request an ambulance or visit your nearest accident and emergency unit immediately.
Our terms and conditions may change from time to time, so please check them each time you order a service from vdoc.
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
i. When placing an order, you agree that all information given is accurate. The person registering the account will be the “patient” and the only person who is entitled to use our service. You cannot register an account on behalf of another person.
ii. These services are offered and provided by vdoc London Region Ltd, a company registered at 10 Norwich St, London, UK, EC4A 1BD with company number 09869738 and not by Parliament Hill or any of its staff, employees, affiliates or subsidiaries. The GP consultation service advertised does not form part of related services offered by Parliament Hill. Parliament Hill has no liability whatsoever in respect of these services (whether under contract, tort or general consumer law) and offers no reference, endorsement, warranty or guarantee in respect of the same.
iii. You cannot let any other person use your account to access these services.
iv. You must be over 18 years old to use this service.
v. All prices listed are in UK sterling and correct at the time of entering the information, however, we reserve the right to change prices of any item at any time.
2. SERVICE
i. We provide a remote medical concierge service and we shall make all reasonable efforts to provide this service using reasonable care and skill.
ii. You will be able to consult a vdoc Doctor on a private basis by means of an online video-link or by telephone. That consultation may lead to one or more of the following:
a) medical advice regarding the condition(s) or issue(s) you present;
b) a private prescription for medication which is transmitted to a pharmacy of your choice for fulfilment;
c) a referral to a relevant consultant for further diagnosis and investigatory procedures; and
d) ultimately a referral to a consultant for a medical procedure, should investigatory procedures show such action to be necessary.
3. PAYMENT
Payment can be made using a secure facility provided by Lyca.
4. ORDER CONFIRMATION
i. After you have placed an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, availability of doctors and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail.
ii. The contract between us will only be formed when we send you activation of service confirmation.
5. AGE RESTRICTION
You must be eighteen years old, or older to use this service.
6. YOUR RIGHTS AS CONSUMER
i. You may cancel your subscription at any time within 10 working days from the date you signed up provided you have not used the service. If you cancel your subscription, you will receive a full refund of the price paid in accordance with our refunds policy.
ii. To cancel a subscription, you must inform us in writing by email or post.
iii. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions seeks to exclude or limit your legal rights as a consumer.
7. REFUND POLICY
i. We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you gave notice of cancellation.
ii. We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
8. EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL
We will not be liable for any failure or delay in performing our obligations where that failure or delay results from any cause that is beyond our reasonable control.
9. APPLICABLE LAW
These terms of sale and the supply of the goods will be subject to English Law, and the English courts will have jurisdiction in respect of any dispute arising from the contract.
10. PRIVACY POLICY
i. We collect personal information about you when you provide it through our website or App. The information is encrypted and any information we store is held on secure servers.
ii. Unless we are required to do so by law or by a regulatory body, we only disclose your information to a third party when we need to do so to provide a service that you have requested. For example, we will send your prescription information to a pharmacy if you request it. If you allow it, we also provide consultation reports back to your GP. We never use, disclose or sell your personal data for marketing purposes.
These terms of sale apply to all services supplied by vdoc London Region Limited, registered in England and Wales. Registered Office – 10 Norwich Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 1BD. Company number 09869738.

1. WELCOME TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY!
Lycamobile respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you:
*  About how we use your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide us when you purchase a product or service from us, sign up to our communications or take part our competitions.
*  About your privacy rights and
*  How the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can choose the specific areas in which you are particularly interested.
Alternatively, you can find a summary here.
2. ABOUT US
We, Lycamobile UK Limited, operate in UK. We provide electronic communication services including national and international calls, texts and data to customers. When we say, “we”, “us” or “our” in this policy, we are referring to the relevant Lycamobile entity responsible for processing your data.
3. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
Personal Data is any information about you from which you can be identified. It does not include data where your identity has been removed (it’s called anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
* Identity Data includes your first name, last name, date of birth, language.
* Contact Data includes your email address, contact number, full address
* Financial Data includes your bank account and payment card details (where you choose to purchase products from us and make a payment directly to us, such as on our website).
* Billing Data includes your details about payments about the products and services you have purchased from us.
* Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform you use to access our website.
* Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases made by you, your interests, and preferences.
* Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services, top up records, call data records which includes traffic data and location data.
* Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and other Lyca entities (as chosen and consented to) and your communication preferences.
* Customer Care Data includes your feedback to us, survey responses and voice mail recordings when you contact us.
We also process your personal data to derive information so that we can make personalised offers to you. The derived information does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect the derived information with your personal data, it can directly or indirectly identify you. So, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we need to collect personal data by law and you fail to provide that data when requested including updating data records or verifying the data, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services. We may also have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
4. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We use different methods to collect data from you and about you through:
Indirect interactions via our independent distributors, wholesalers and retailers.
Direct interactions. You may give us your personal data by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
Your personal data is collected when you do the following:
* Purchase our products or services;
* Create an account on our website;
* Subscribe to our services or communications;
* Request marketing to be sent to you;
* Enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
* Give us some feedback.
* Download our app.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to, most commonly, in the following circumstances:
* Where we need to perform the terms and conditions we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
* Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
* Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We have set out below, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are, where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
PURPOSEType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interestTo register you as a new customer(a) Identity
(b) ContactPerformance of terms and conditions with you and where applicable, as required by lawTo supply products and services to you including:
Managing payments
Collecting money owed to us(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Billing(a) Performance of terms and conditions with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover sums owed to us)To manage our relationship with you and administer your account which will include:
• Notifying you about changes to our terms and conditions or privacy policy
• Detecting and preventing crime and fraud
• Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
• Manage any concerns that you raise to our customer care department
• Quality assurance and monitoring purposes(a) Identity (b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(e) Customer Care
(f) Usage(a) Performance of terms and conditions with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)To enable you to participate in a competition or complete a survey (non-promotional)(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of terms and conditions with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)To market products and services to you
To complete a survey (promotional)(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Marketing and Communications
(d) Profile(a) Legitimate interest to process marketing data (to grow our business) and consent for sending electronic marketing communications for new customers or reliance on existing customer relationship to send electronic marketing communicationsTo use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer
relationships and experiences(a) Technical
(b) UsageNecessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) ProfileNecessary for our legitimate interests (to develop Lycamobile products/services and grow our business)Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us either if you have consented to receive them or you have purchased products or services from Lycamobile, and in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
You will also receive marketing communications from other Lyca entities if you have consented to receive such communications on their Lyca products or services.
6. HOW CAN YOU MANAGE YOUR MARKETING PREFERENCES?
If you have any questions or like to know more about Lycamobile, please do not hesitate to get in touch with us. Lycamobile has a multilingual team that operates from 9am to 6pm Monday to Saturday.
To contact Customer Services:
*  
*  Dial 322 from Lycamobile Charges: £0.09 per call
*  You can also dial 0207 132 0322 from another network phone or +44 207 132 0322 from abroad. Charges: Call charges may vary depending upon network operators.
*  Fill out the form below or send an email to cs@lycamobile.co.uk
You can also Contact our Customer Services Department to let us know whether you’re happy to hear from us by email, text, or telephone
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or other purposes.
7. TO WHOM DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out 0cf333
*  
*  Other Lyca affiliated entities under common control (hereinafter “Lyca entities”) who provide ancillary services such as call centre support for the fulfilment of your orders and clarification any of your queries 0cf333
*  
*  
*  Other Lyca entities where you have chosen to receive marketing communications from them on other Lyca products and services other than Lycamobile 0cf333
*  
*  External third parties who provide IT technical support services, data centre services and call centre support 0cf333
*  
*  Regulators and judicial authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances 0cf333
If a change happens to our business where we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Where applicable, we require all external third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
8. WHERE IS YOUR DATA TRANSFERRED TO?
Some of our service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA 0cf333
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that the following safeguard is implemented so that there is no detriment to you.
Specifically, Lycamobile uses call centres operated by an associated company and they are based in Morocco and Philippines.
Lycamobile uses a technical services provider which is based in India.
We use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
We will take steps to ensure your privacy rights are at least as compliant with the requirements of EU law, including requiring appropriate security measures from such third parties, set out in a contract between us, to protect your personal data.
Please contact the dedicated protection helpline if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
9. HOW SECURE DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those staff members or other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a strict duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable supervisory authority of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
10. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our Data Retention Policy which you can request from us by Contacting our Customer Services Department.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case, we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you 0cf333
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Subject to certain conditions under data protection laws where applicable, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
*  Right to obtain information about your processed data and right to have access to your personal data.
*  Right to correct your personal data – This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
*  Right to ask us to delete your personal data.
*  Right to object to the processing of your personal data.
*  Right to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data.
*  Right to transfer your personal data -This enables you to ask us to transfer your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Note, however, that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
*  Right to revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data.
You can also inform us of your wishes regarding the storage, deletion and communication of your personal data to a third party upon your death. For this purpose, please email us at mydata@lycagroup.com.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please send your request to mydata@lycagroup.com
No fee usually required

You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
12. HOW TO CONTACT US?
You may contact our Customer Services Department on 0207 132 0322 from any Lycamobile Account or +44 207 132 0322 from another telephone.
You may also e-mail the Customer Services Department at cs@lycamobile.co.uk or by completing the online enquiry form at https://www.lycamobile.co.uk/en/contact-us.
For compliance questions in relation to this policy, we have appointed a data protection officer (DPO). So, if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact our data protection team at DPO@Lycagroup.com.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant data protection supervisory authority.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns first before you approach the supervisory authority, so please do contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the policy
We have updated our privacy policy to reflect the changes in data protection laws. Historic versions are archived here
13. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY ?
Our website, app and services are not aimed at children. We do not target, intend to collect or knowingly collect or otherwise process information from anyone under the age of 15.
If you are under the age of 15, we request that you do not provide us with your information and do not use our website and app.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 15, please contact us if you are aware that your child has used our website or app or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We will delete or otherwise cease processing your child’s personal information within a reasonable time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.

Our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us. This policy explains what personal information we have, how we use it and how you can check and update any of your personal information. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “we” means Telefónica UK Limited and other companies in the same group.
Why do we collect your personal information? 
We collect information to help manage your account:
* To deliver products and services relevant to you (whether we provide them or not).
* To improve our products and services and develop new ones.
* And to manage our network and help us run and grow our business.
We also collect information so we can tell you about our products and services, other companies' products and services or allow selected partners to tell you directly about their products or services.
The law also requires us to keep some information. Occasionally this information is anonymised so you can't be identified.
To find out more, click on any of the sections below.
* The type of Information we have
* Where do we get your information?
* How we use your information.
* How we share your information.
* Why we keep hold of your information.
* How to check and update your information.
* Product specific terms.
* Other important things to know. 
The type of information we have
The information we have about you includes things like who you are, how you use your O2 products and services, where you use our network, and how you pay for your services.
Who you are includes:
* Your name, address, gender, age, interests, etc.
* Your debit or credit card details, bank details and other payment information 0cf333
* Your interests and preferences.
How you use your O2 products and services includes:
* Your call, text, surfing and billing records.
* Details about your usage of any other products we supply to you, such as our apps. This includes the date and time you use them, how long for, where you use them and how much it costs 0cf333 
* We don't look at the content of your messages or listen to your calls (unless you are talking to one of our customer service advisors).
Where you use our network:
So we can connect you to our network, and for some of the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy, we need to know your location when you make or receive phone calls, messages or use the internet. We call this network location. It works by finding you through nearby phone masts, providing us with a rough location so we can put calls through or connect you to the internet.
If you don't want us to share your network location or some or all of your services, call us on 1300. It's free from your O2 mobile.
Your smartphone might also have a Global Positioning System (GPS) location, that's used by your phone and certain apps. It's more accurate than network location alone, because it uses satellites. If you're using some of our apps, like Priority, or apps connected to O2 Drive we, or our partners, might collect some of your GPS location information 0cf333
GPS location is different from network location. We don't control it, so there's no need to call 1300. GPS is based on satellites and is set up on the phone itself. Look at your phone's settings to configure it. Remember, if you choose not to share your location, you might not be able to use certain services that need to know where you are for those services to work.
What you do with your O2 account(s):
This includes things such as when and how much you top up and pay your bill, or how often and why you access your account with us.
Where do we get your information?
We collect information mainly when you sign up with us, contact us and when you use our products and services.
For example when you:
* Register as or enquire about becoming an O2 customer or take part in market research.
* Get in touch with us to ask something.
* Buy from us – whether it's in an O2 shop, online, over the phone or somewhere else.
* Enter any surveys, promotions, competitions or prize draws.
* Make changes to, or close your O2 account.
* Go to our website, or the sites of any other companies in the Telefónica Group, or Sites used for market research purposes.
* Submit content, including photographs, or comments to participate in discussion threads.
* Use any of our networks – mobile, wifi or other O2 products and services.
* Sign up for a service with us that means we need to check with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.
* Sign up for an insurance product that means we need you to provide sensitive personal data, including any medical or criminal record information, about you or a third party 0cf333
* Apply for a job with us online.
We also collect information from other sources, including business directories and other commercially or publicly available sources. If we need to conduct a credit check, we will receive information from credit reference agencies. If you take part in market research for us we will also collect information from third party website or social media you access from our Sites, in accordance with the privacy policies of those respective websites and social media 0cf333
How we use your information
We use and analyse your information to keep in touch with you and to supply and improve our products and services. We will also use your information to tell you about products and services that we think may interest you.  Sometimes we'll combine and anonymise this information so you won't be identified.
In particular, this means using your information to:
* Manage your account and help you to manage your account.
* Sort out a payment, put your order through our system or send you an order.
* Get in touch with you (e.g. if we need to tell you about any problems with a service).
* Look at markets, write reports or carry out research and number crunching. And, if the law allows it, look at information about you (including the calls you make, your spending, what you use the internet for and where you are when you do it) 0cf333
* Keep things secure and prevent crime and fraud.
* Manage our network and your use of our network.
* Look into any complaints or questions you may raise.
* Check whether you qualify for credit or other products, services and offers. We use automated systems to analyse your information to help us make fair and objective decisions about whether we can give you (and members of your household) credit, credit-related services, other similar facilities or insurance.  As part of this we may also need to check the financial status of people connected to you (e.g. your spouse or other family members).Trace and recover debts, manage credit, detect and prevent fraud and money laundering.
* Trace and recover debts, manage credit, detect and prevent fraud and money laundering
* Recover any money you might owe us.
* Assign your debt to permitted third parties and look after any credit you might have.
Or to:
* Tell you if we've changed the way a service works, or tell you about a new service that we think may interest you
* Check what you're interested in or eligible for, so we can offer (and develop) relevant products and services, and surveys.
* Improve our (and third party partner) products and services and develop new ones.
* Send you information about our products and services (or those from selected third parties we think you'd be interested in) by phone, post, email, text, picture message, online banner advertising, or other ways. For some of this marketing activity we need your consent and, in those circumstances, we will only send you messages if you have asked to receive them. You can check and update your current preferences at any time in My O2.
* Tell you about products and services from other companies we think you'd be interested in, or let selected third parties tell you directly about their products and services. Again, we will only send you marketing messages if you’ve previously given us your consent in your preferences in My O2.
We are allowed to use your information in these ways and share the information as described below because:
* We need to so that we can provide you with products and services and to manage your account with us.
* We need to use some of your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations (such as legal obligations to keep details of calls made by customers for a certain period of time).
* Some of our use of your information is necessary for our legitimate business interests (such as conducting market research and minimising our credit and fraud risks).
* You have given your consent to us using your data in relation to some forms of use. For example, in relation to using your information to send you marketing messages. You can opt out of this at any time.
* You have obtained consent from any third parties whose personal or sensitive information you provided to us in your application for and / or performance of O2 products and services, (like O2’s insurance products), for us to be receive and process that information for those purposes.
How we share your information
In connection with the purposes described above, we may share your information (and the information of any third parties you have included in an application for and performance of an O2 insurance product or service) with others  0cf333 
This might mean sharing that information with:
* Our partner companies or agencies and their sub-contractors or prospective partners who help us run our services, for example our billing or customer service centres.
* Other companies in the Telefónica Group. This includes, Telefonica Dynamic Insights and their respective partners, agents and sub-contractors.
* Insurance providers when you take out a policy through us.
* Third parties whose products and services we market to you (where you have given permission to receive such messages).
* Third parties whose offers you sign up to, for example through the Priority app..
* Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies. When we check your credit score with a credit reference agency, the information that we give them (including details of your credit application and financial details) as well as the fact that we have requested that search will also be recorded by the credit reference agency.  We exchange information with credit reference agencies on payment performance and your financial situation on an ongoing basis and this information could be used by us and third parties to make future credit assessment decisions. 0cf333 Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associate. 
* Other communications companies.
* New or prospective owners of Telefónica UK Limited.
We might also share your information:
* With any public authority or law enforcement agency (if they ask for it).
* To comply with law or regulations, or for possible legal proceedings.
* If you give us personal information that's wrong or we find out (or think) you're responsible for fraud. In these circumstances we might share your information with third parties such as law enforcement agencies, credit reference agencies and other affected third parties. 0cf333 +3
* If one of our partners who are processing information for us are compelled to do so by law.
* If there's an emergency and we think you or other people are at risk.
Why we keep hold of your information
There are certain reasons we have to keep hold of your information.
We keep information while you're our customer or after you've left us, but only as long as we need it for the purposes described above. How long we keep it depends very much on the type of information and purpose. 
For example, we might need to sort out disagreements, stop fraud and abuse, prove that you had an account with us or follow our legal obligations. Or the police may need it as evidence. We may also keep information about how you use our products or services. 
In each case, the length of time that we, or credit reference of fraud prevention agencies, need to keep the information may be different, but we will only keep the information for as long as we need it.
Your rights
You have a number of legal rights in relation to the information that we hold about you, including:
* The right to request details of the information we have about you.
* The right to withdraw your consent to the use of your information where we are relying on that consent (for example, you can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us). Please note that we may still be entitled to process your information if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
* In some circumstances, you have the right to receive some of your information in a usable format and/or request we transmit that data to a third party where this is technically feasible. Please note that this right only applies to information which you have provided to us.
* The right to ask that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
* The right to ask that we erase your information in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your information but we are legally entitled to retain it.
* The right to request that we restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.
* The right to make a complaint with the Information Commissioner www.ico.org.uk if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us. 
You can exercise your right to access your data using this form and you can exercise your other rights using this form.
How to check and update your information
Go to o2.co.uk and sign in to My O2 to look at your personal information. 
You can change how we get in touch with you – and your account details – whenever you like.
Marketing communications
If you don't want us or our partner companies to send you relevant offers or marketing information, you can opt out anytime via My O2, on your mobile, computer or the My O2 app, and clicking on the Contact Preferences link in the My Mobile section. Or you can change your marketing preferences by visiting here.
Product Specific Terms
This Privacy Policy applies to how we use your information in relation to our products and services generally.  There may be some additional things about how we use your information in relation to particular services. We will tell you about those when you sign up for the service or at another appropriate time.
O2 Drive
If you obtain an O2 Drive quote and / or become an O2 Drive customer, we use information about your use of your services and your location to help provide a better insurance quote. -1You can manage your O2 Drive information by logging in to your O2 Drive account.
Priority
If you sign up to Priority we use information about your location so you can enjoy offers that are near you. -1You can manage your Priority marketing preferences in your account in the Priority App. 
Trail Blazers 
If you participate in market research for us, including using the Trail Blazers sites and Apps (‘Sites”), we may also gather information from other sources. The type of information we have will also include information like user ID, your birthday, shopping habits, household income, family composition; online user activity, lifestyle preferences and information, photographs, profile pictures, your “likes” and your social media content you post, as well as the results of any surveys in which you take part on personality, values, attitudes and lifestyle. 0cf333 We will also collect publically available information such as user-generated content, blogs and postings.
When you visit the Trail Blazers Sites, we may also collect: 
* information about the type of browser and operating system you use;
* details of the web pages and advertisements you have viewed and the other apps you use on your mobile device; your IP address & log on time; 0cf333
* your physical location via geolocation techniques; 0cf333
* your mobile device category and operating system;
* the hyperlinks you have clicked;
* the times you started and ended your participation in a specific survey;
* details from social networking sites (where you have linked your social networking site to your Trail Blazers account); 0cf333 and 
* the websites you visited before arriving at our site. 0cf333
Information gathered for Trail Blazers is kept for 12 months following the end of your membership of Trail Blazers, unless you tell us you’d like us to remove it earlier. 
If you’ve registered with Trail Blazers, the fastest way to change how we deal with your personal data is to log on and simply click on "My Preferences" in the App. 
Other Important things to know
Companies outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
We might give your information to other companies based outside the EEA. 0cf333  For example, like many companies, we may use cloud services from suppliers outside the EEA.
 
Where we transfer your information to companies outside the EEA, we will make sure it’s protected in a manner that is consistent with how your information will be protected by us. This can be done in a number of different ways for instance:
* The country that we send the data to might be approved by the European Commission.
* The recipient company might have signed up a contract obliging them to protect your information. 0cf333
* The recipient is located in the US and is a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances the law may permit us to otherwise transfer your information outside the EEA. In all cases however, we will ensure that any transfer of your information is compliant with data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your information when it is transferred outside the EEA (including a sample copy of the contract used with some recipients of your information) by contacting us via the “Contact us” section below.
About cookies:
Like other sites, we use cookies. A cookie is like a tag that some sites put on your computer or phone when you visit them so they can recognise you next time. Find out more here: http://www.o2.co.uk/cookie-policy 
Communicating over the internet:
Please remember, any emails or other communications you send over the internet aren't safe unless they've been encrypted. They might go through a few countries before they get to your friend who lives around the corner. 0cf333 Unfortunately, that's the nature of the internet.
If someone gets into your emails without your permission, or your personal information is shared publicly, we can't accept responsibility. It is out of our control.
Pages on o2.co.uk and other companies' sites:
On our website there are pages that are branded with both the O2 name and logo, as well as other companies' names and logos. We, and other companies working with us, look after these pages.
This Privacy Policy doesn't apply to other companies' sites that you get to through our website. So make sure you've read their Privacy Policy before putting your personal information on their site.
Companies outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
We might give your information to other companies based outside the EEA. 0cf333  For example, like many companies, we may use cloud services from suppliers outside the EEA.
 
Where we transfer your information to companies outside the EEA, we will make sure it’s protected in a manner that is consistent with how your information will be protected by us. This can be done in a number of different ways for instance:
* The country that we send the data to might be approved by the European Commission. 0cf333
* The recipient company might have signed up a contract obliging them to protect your information.
* The recipient is located in the US and is a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances the law may permit us to otherwise transfer your information outside the EEA. In all cases however, we will ensure that any transfer of your information is compliant with data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your information when it is transferred outside the EEA (including a sample copy of the contract used with some recipients of your information) by contacting us via the “Contact us” section below.
Other important information
Please note that if you're signing up for our products and services there might be extra terms and conditions to look at.
If you would like to know more about how credit reference and fraud prevention agencies use and share your personal information you can find that information at: 
* www.callcredit.co.uk/crain
* www.equifax.co.uk/crain 
* www.experian.co.uk/crain
* www.cifas.org.uk
TESCO POLICY
 
Privacy and Cookies Policy
* Tesco direct and Tesco Partners at Tesco direct and “F&F (“the Website”) is owned and operated by Tesco Stores Limited, part of the Tesco Group. This policy, together with our Terms and Conditions, explain how Tesco may use information we collect about you, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you. Please read this policy and our Terms and Conditions carefully; by accessing the Website you confirm to have understood and agreed to them.
* Information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you:
* visit the Website, and other sites accessible from the Website.
* register with, and buy products or services on the Website.
* take part in promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires.
* contact us, e.g. in writing, call customer services. 
We may supplement the information we collect about you with information we receive from other sources e.g. public registers such as the electoral roll. This allows us to assess the accuracy of the information we hold about you in order to send you relevant offers and information.
* Using your information
Collecting your personal information helps Tesco to better understand what you need from us. We use your information to:
* manage and improve the Website.
* personalise our services to you.
* administer and operate your account.
* process your orders and allocate Clubcard points to your account.
* tell you about important changes to the Website and our services.
* understand your shopping behaviour to develop and improve our products and services. 
* manage promotions, competitions, customer surverys and questionnaires.
* check and verify your identity, and prevent or detect crime. In performing checks your information may be disclosed to credit reference agencies, who may keep a record of that information. This is not a credit check and your credit rating will be unaffected.
We may share your personal information across the Tesco Group so they can provide you with relevant products and services.
Your personal information is safe with us and will never be released to companies outside the Tesco Group for their marketing purposes.
We may use and share anonymised information outside the Tesco Group. However, we would like to reassure you that this never includes your personal information.
 
* Clubcard information
We access the information recorded through the use of your Clubcard to help us improve our service to you and to make our communications more relevant.
* Marketing and research
If you agree, we may contact you:
* with offers and information about Tesco products or services.
* with offers and information about partners' products or services.
* for customer research, e.g. to help improve our service.
Of course, the choice is entirely yours, but if you say you do not want to receive marketing information from us this will prevent you from receiving great offers or promotions that may be of interest to you.
When you register online you can access a “Contact preferences” page that allows you to tailor our commercial communications to your preferences.
To change your contact preferences simply click “Your account” in the top frame and click “Your contact preferences”. If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us, select your choices by using the boxes available on that page.
We like to hear your views to help us improve our service. From time to time, we may contact you to ask your opinions. Again, if you do not want to be contacted for this purpose, make your choice on the “Contact preferences” page.
* Cookies
In order to comply with new rules, we use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be dropped by third parties through our websites. The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you do not want to have them on your device. Please be reassured that we are working on other privacy and cookie-related improvements to the Website.
What is a cookie
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating Website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
 
 
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. For those types of cookies that are strictly necessary, no consent is required.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. 
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. 0cf333 +2
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Behavioural advertising and online privacy
A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at www.youronlinechoices.eu. The guide contains an explanation of the IAB's self-regulatory scheme to allow you greater control of the advertising you see.
Using browser settings to manage cookies
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website's essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For example, if you block or otherwise reject cookies you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to Sign in. If you leave cookies turned on, remember to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
* Disclosing your information
We will never disclose your information to anyone outside the Tesco Group except where we have your consent; where we are required or permitted to do so by law; to other companies who provide a service to us; to Tesco Partners who sell products on the Tesco direct Website (each a 'Tesco Partner'); or any successors in title to our business. 0cf333  +2
If you buy a product or service from a Tesco Partner we will only share relevant personal information with the Tesco Partner for the purpose of processing your order.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area we will ensure that appropriate security measures are taken.
* Other websites
The Website may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and not covered by this policy. The operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their policy, which may differ from ours.
* Accessing your information
To obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, write to: Data Protection Officer, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Tesco House, Shire Park, Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City AL7 1GA enclosing a cheque or postal order for £10 payable to “Tesco Stores Limited”. Please confirm your Clubcard number and any details to help us identify and locate your information. If any of the details are incorrect, let us know and we will amend them.
* Changes to our policy
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of June 2016. We reserve the right to change the policy at any time.











Personal data we collect. 
This section tells you what personal data we may collect from you when you use our Services and what other personal data we may receive from other sources.
When you register for our Services, you may provide us with:
* Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and date of birth and title
* Information relating to your membership of any of our clubs, such as Christmas Savers
* Your account login details, such as your username and the password that you have chosen
When you shop with us online or browse our Websites or use our Mobile Apps, we may collect:
* Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
* Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and Mobile Apps and information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites) 0cf333 +2
* Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers) 0cf333 +2
When you use Clubcard to shop with us, or use Clubcard vouchers or coupons, we may collect:
* Transaction information, including the in-store and online purchases you earn Clubcard points for and how you use your Clubcard coupons and vouchers within the Tesco Group or with Clubcard Partners
When you contact us or we contact you or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or reviews about our Services, we may collect:
* Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services (for example, your name, username and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media 0cf333 +2
* Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
* Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys or reviews
When you visit our stores:
* footage of you may be recorded on our CCTV systems
When you use our pharmacies:
* personal data including your prescription details, medical history, payment details and contact/address information
Other sources of personal data
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, online media channels, our Retail Partners and public registers. For example, this other personal data helps us to:
* manage your Clubcard account (including the allocation of Clubcard points);
* review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold; and
* improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising.











Sharing personal data within the Tesco Group
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within the Tesco Group.
We may share the personal data we collect with other companies in the Tesco Group. For example, we share personal data with the following Tesco Group companies.
Tesco Bank
Tesco Bank use your Clubcard data to help them work out whether they can offer you certain products, and what discounts, deals or offers they can make you.
Tesco Bank may use data that you provide, such as your name and address, to find any Clubcard(s) that are linked to your address.  They may use data about these Clubcard(s) to help tailor offers to you. When they do this, they will only ever use the Clubcard linked to your address which gives you the best terms, deals or offers.
Tesco Bank may look at your Clubcard data in different ways to help understand more about you (we call this ‘profiling’). 0cf333 +2 Profiling includes things such as how likely Tesco Bank think you are to pay back money they lend you, how often you use other Tesco products and services, and how you prefer to shop. Profiling helps Tesco Bank create a number of ‘Clubcard scores’, which they then use as one of the factors in their automated decision-making process.
Where applicable, at the point of applying, individual offers you receive may be affected by your credit rating. Tesco Bank may also take into account whether or not you are a Clubcard customer. 
Profiling allows Tesco Bank to tailor offers specifically to its customers. This means that different Clubcard customers may get different offers. For its banking products profiling means that customers will receive better offers and/or be more likely to be accepted for the product requested than non-Clubcard customers who have a broadly equivalent credit rating.
Where Tesco Bank are offering insurance products, Clubcard profiling means that although different Clubcard customers may get different offers, Clubcard customers will always receive better offers than non Clubcard customers.
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Bank. 0cf333 +2  This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
We may also use data provided to us by Tesco Bank, for example information about the Tesco Bank products you hold, to improve our service and make our marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Bank use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
 
 
Tesco Mobile
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Mobile. This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Mobile use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
dunnhumby
dunnhumby, part of the Tesco Group, is also one of our main service providers. dunnhumby help us to use personal data to help improve our understanding of customers and personalise your customer experience. You can find out more about what dunnhumby do here.
Sharing personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers

This section explains how and why we share personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers.
When we share personal data with these companies we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
Retail partners
We work with a number of Retail Partners who:
* sell products through our services; or
* offer products, services and/or the ability to earn points through Clubcard.
We only share personal data that enable our Retail Partners to provide their services.
Service Providers
We work with carefully selected Service Providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. These include, for example, companies that help us with technology services, storing, combining and analyzing data, processing payments, provide us with legal or other professional services as well as delivering orders. We only share personal data that enable our Service Providers to provide their services.
Some of the Service Providers we work with operate online media channels, and they place relevant online advertising for our products and services, as well as those of our suppliers and our Retail Partners, on those online media channels on our behalf. For example, you may see an advert for our products and services as you use a particular social media site or watch television through your pay TV account.
Examples of our Service Providers include Facebook, Adobe, Dunnhumby and WorldPay.

How long we use personal data for
We will not keep your personal data longer than we need to, how long this is depends on several factors, including:
* Why we collected it in the first place;
* How old it is;
* Whether there is a legal/regulatory reason for us to keep it;
* Whether we need it to protect you or us. 

Third parties operating through our Websites and Mobile Apps
Our key partners are listed below with information about the services they provide to us. This list is not exhaustive but it does include those partners with whom we have an established relationship and whose cookie technologies are most frequently deployed through our Services.
Measurement & Personalisation
To analyse how our services are used, including to test different content versions. This data may also be used to enable us to personalise our services and the marketing of our services.
* Adobe
* Optimizely
* Google
* Integral Ad Science
Product recommendations
To enrich your shopping experience by delivering personalised recommendations to you on some of our websites (e.g. on Tesco Direct and F&F Clothing).
* Rich Relevance
Online marketing
To personalise Tesco adverts shown to you via Tesco and on other websites based on your interactions with Tesco. For example, by using data about your transactions with Tesco, what you have in your basket and the pages and products you look at. We may also use your Clubcard data to better personalise our marketing via our main data partner, Sociomantic (a subsidiary of dunnhumby, a Tesco company).
* Sociomantic
* Bing
* Google
Social media
To market to you via social media platforms and to enable social sharing and engagement on our websites. These companies may use your data for their own purposes, including to profile and target you with other advertising.
* Facebook
* Twitter
* RadiumOne (po.st)
Commenting
To power commenting on our websites (e.g. Tesco Real Food)
* Disqus
Delivering ads for our Retail Partners
To enable us to personalise and deliver online advertising on behalf of our Retail Partners. 
* Google
* Sociomantic

Your privacy when using our website
This policy covers our privacy practices in connection with this website (www.three.co.uk) and is intended to let you know about the kinds of information we may obtain about you as a visitor to our website, how we may use that information and who we may share that information with. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Each time you access, browse and/or use our website you agree to the following terms. If you do not agree you must cease to use our website. In this policy references to: 
 
• "personal information" is information that is about you and which identifies you; 
 
• "Three Services" are the services offered by Three, including, but not limited to, call services, internet access, Messaging Services, Storage Services, Age Restricted Services and Premium Services (such terms as are defined in our terms and conditions with you: www.three.co.uk/terms-conditions/paym-and-payg), which we have agreed to provide to you;
• "Three", "we", "us" or "our" in this policy means Hutchison 3G UK Limited (company number 03885486) with its registered address at Star House, 20 Grenfell Road, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 1EH
• "Group" means CK Hutchison Holdings Limited.

We are the data controller of your personal information collected through this website for the purpose of data protection law. 

If you have questions about how your personal information is kept or if you wish to exercise one or more of your rights (as set out below) in regards to the personal information we keep on you, please contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at DPA.Officer@three.co.uk or to Hutchison 3G UK Ltd, Star House, 20 Grenfell Road, Maidenhead SL6 1EH. 

Three respects your right to privacy and we are committed to complying with applicable data protection and privacy law.  We will use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information in order to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to your personal information.

Collection and Use of Your Personal Information

You agree that any personal information you provide to us will be true, complete and accurate in all respects and you agree to notify us immediately of any changes to it. If you are aged 16 or under, you must get your parent or guardian's consent to provide your personal information to us, otherwise you are not allowed to provide any of your personal information to us.

Your personal information may be used by us, our employees, service providers and disclosed to third parties for the following purposes. 0cf333 For each of these purposes, we have set out the legal basis on which we use your personal information below.
 
 
PurposeLegal Basis for use of your Personal InformationProcess any applications or registrations made by you.The performance of a contract between you and us or in order for us to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you.To provide products, services and information requested by you.The legal basis will fall into one of the following four categories, depending on the communication and the purpose for which it was sent:
·         our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you;
·         performance of a contract between you and us;
·         consent; and/or
·        compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.To monitor and/or record communications between you and Three for quality control and training purposes.
 The processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests to monitor the quality of our customer services and for training purposes.To conduct credit and fraud checks if you apply for a monthly price plan account, and to help verify your identify and to decide whether to accept your application or future application.
In order to process your application, we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. CRAs will share your information with other organisations. Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associates.
 The performance of a contract between you and us or in order for us to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you.To keep you up to date by post, telephone, email, and direct to your handset by text, picture, video and audio message with information about Three, Three Services, and offers and promotions subject to any marketing preferences indicated by you.
 This processing is carried out with your consent or the processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests in order to conduct and manage our business.To search the records of fraud prevention agencies in assessing any applications for Three Services. If you give us false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this and store the records with fraud prevention agencies.
We and other companies may use this information if decisions are made about you on credit or credit-related services.The processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or the processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests in order to conduct and manage our business.
 
 
 
 To administer your account and provide our customer services.This processing will be carried out for our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you; or the performance of a contract between you and us.To manage complaints, feedback and queries.This processing will be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations between you and us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; and/or our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you and to enable us to improve and develop our business operations and  services.To comply with any legal or regulatory obligations (including in connection with a court order).This processing is necessary for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.To conduct analysis for traffic and billing management, and to support product development.This processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests to ensure that we can fulfil our obligations to you which relate to the provision of Three Services and to improve/develop our products and services.To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the products and services requested.The processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you.To contact you for market research purposes.The processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests because it enables us to develop and improve our website and our products and services offered to you.To notify you about changes to our website.This processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you.We may be required to obtain your personal information to comply with our legal requirements, to enable us to fulfil the terms of our contract with you or in preparation of us entering into a contract with you. 0cf333 If you do not provide the relevant personal information to us, we may not be able to provide services to you.


Personal information received from other sources

We may receive personal information about you from:

(a) credit reference agencies such as CallCredit, Experian and Equifax including credit information about you (including information from the Electoral Register), and those with whom you are linked financially, to help us verify your identity and decide whether to accept your application or future applications. Such agencies will record details of our search and your application whether your application is successful or not. We and other organisations may use any of this information to make other credit decisions about you and other members of your household, and for identification purposes, debt tracing and the prevention of money laundering as well as the management of your account;  

(b) fraud prevention agencies such as CIFAS. We and other companies may use this information if decisions are made about you on credit or credit-related services; and

(c) commercial partners who supply goods and services to us.

Credit reference checks

In order to process your application, we will perform credit and identity checks on you with one or more credit reference agencies (“CRAs”).
To do this, we will supply your personal information to CRAs and they will give us information about you. This will include information from your credit application and about your financial situation and financial history. CRAs will supply to us both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit, financial situation and financial history information and fraud prevention information.
We will use this information to:
 
• Assess your creditworthiness and whether you can afford to take the product;
• Verify the accuracy of the data you have provided to us;
• Prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering;
• Manage your account(s);
• Trace and recover debts; and
• Ensure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances.

We will continue to exchange information about you with CRAs while you have a relationship with us. We will also inform the CRAs about your settled accounts. If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, CRAs will record the outstanding debt. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs.
 
When CRAs receive a search from us they will place a search footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other lenders.
If you are making a joint application, or tell us that you have a spouse or financial associate, we will link your records together, so you should make sure you discuss this with them, and share with them this information, before lodging the application. CRAs will also link your records together and these links will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully files for a disassociation with the CRAs to break that link.

The identities of the CRAs, their role also as fraud prevention agencies, the data they hold, the ways in which they use and share personal information, data retention periods and your data protection rights with the CRAs are explained in more detail in the Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (“CRAIN”). CRAIN is also accessible from each of the three CRAs – clicking on any of these three links will also take you to the same CRAIN document: Callcredit www.callcredit.co.uk/crain; Equifax www.equifax.co.uk/crain; Experianwww.experian.co.uk/crain. 

Automated decision making

As we’ve mentioned above, when you apply for a Pay Monthly plan, we will obtain information from a credit reference agency, which will be used in an automated decision process to determine whether we can enter into a contract with you. If you wish for the decision to be reassessed by a person, you may do so by calling our customer services team on 0333 338 1001 or by writing to: Three Customer Services, Hutchison 3G UK Ltd, PO Box 333 Glasgow G2 9AG. You can also object to a decision being taken solely by automated processing (see heading Your Rights below).


Retention of data

We will keep your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with services and to conduct our legitimate business interests or where otherwise required by law. If you use Three Services, we may hold your Communications Data for 12 months for legitimate business purposes 0cf333(or longer in connection with any legal proceedings or disputes).

Disclosure

Your personal information may also be processed by: 
• our business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you. For example we engage third parties to process applications, perform fraud and credit checks, to carry out surveys and depersonalised marketing activities; +2
• other members of our Group;+2
• other professional advisers (including accountants and lawyers) that assist us in carrying out our business activities; 0cf333
• police and other law enforcement agencies in connection with the prevention and detection of crime;-1
• other external agencies and organisations (including the National Crime Agency) for the purpose of preventing and detecting fraud (including fraudulent transactions), money laundering and criminal activity; and
• third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation or instructions of a regulatory body (including in connection with a court order), or in order to enforce or apply the terms of any agreements we have with or otherwise concerning you (including agreements between you and us) or to protect our rights, property or safety of our customers, employees or other third parties. 
• We may also disclose your personal information to other third parties, for example:
- in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets we will disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
- if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party (or are subject to a reorganisation within our Group), personal information held by us will be one of the transferred assets; and
- if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation  0cf333, or in order to enforce or apply the agreements concerning you (including agreements between you and us).
 



Where will we transfer your personal information
Your Information will be processed both within and outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where we transfer Your Information outside of the EEA, we will implement appropriate and suitable safeguards to ensure that such personal information will be protected as required by applicable data protection law.  These measures generally include:
(a)           Commercial terms to safeguard the processing of Your Information.
(b)           Technical security standards commensurate the nature of data being processed.
 
For further information as to the safeguards we implement please contact our DPO at the address detailed above.


Collection and use of technical information

We use session cookies which enable a visitor's web browser to 'remember' which pages on this website have already been visited. We may also map and analyse visitor usage patterns to help us develop the website and enhance a visitor's experience.
 
Depending on the type of browser you are using, you may be able to configure your browser: (i) so that you are prompted to accept or reject cookies on an individual basis or; (ii) to prevent your browser from accepting any cookies at all. You should refer to the supplier or manufacturer of the web browser for specific details about cookie security. For further information regarding the cookies that we use and how to block cookies please see our cookies policy.

We may collect and store certain 'technical information' about your visit to this site, such as:
 
• the IP address from which you access this website; 0cf333
• the type of browser and operating system used to visit this website;
• the date and time of your visit(s) to this website;
• clickstream data which reveals the activities of visitors around this website (for example the web pages you access and products browsed) and;
• the website address of the website from which you accessed this website.

Such data is used only to analyse trends, administer and improve our website and the services we offer, track movement through our website and gather statistical information about visits to the website.


Your Rights
 
You have certain rights with respect to your personal information. The rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions. Please see the table below for a summary of your rights. You can exercise these rights using the contact details above (under the heading “Your privacy when using our website”). 
 
 Summary of your rightsRight of access to your personal informationYou have the right to receive a copy of your personal information that we hold about you, subject to certain exemptions.  
You can download the Request for Access to Personal Information form here. If you can't download the form, we can send you a copy - please call us on 333 (Free, unless you’re on one of our new Essential Plans, in which case it will come out of any available minutes allowance or charged at your out of allowance rate of 35p per minute) from a Three phone or 0333 338 1001 from any other phone*
*Standard call rates apply.Right to rectify your personal informationYou have the right to ask us to correct your personal information that we hold where it is incorrect or incomplete.Right to erasure of your personal informationYou have the right to ask that your personal information be deleted in certain circumstances. For example (i) where your personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise used; (ii) if you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for which we rely for the continued use of your personal information; (iii) if you object to the use of your personal information (as set out below); (iv) if we have used your personal information unlawfully; or (v) if your personal information needs to be erased to comply with a legal obligation. 
You can download the Request for Erasure Form here.Right to restrict the use of your personal informationYou have the right to suspend our use of your personal information in certain circumstances. For example (i) where you think your personal information is inaccurate and only for such period to enable us to verify the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the use of your personal information is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information and request that it is suspended instead; (iii) we no longer need your personal information, but your personal information is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the use of your personal information and we are verifying whether our grounds for the use of your personal information override your objection.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to obtain your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and for it to be transferred to another organisation, where it is technically feasible. The right only applies where the use of your personal information is based on your consent or for the performance of a contract, and when the use of your personal information is carried out by automated (i.e. electronic) means.
You can download the Right to Data Portability Form here.Right to object to the use of your personal informationYou have the right to object to the use of your personal information in certain circumstances. For example (i) where you have grounds relating to your particular situation and we use your personal information for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) including for profiling; and (ii) if you object to the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, including profiling (to the extent it relates to direct marketing).Right to object to decision which is based solely on automated processingYou have the right in certain circumstances not to be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing without human intervention. Right to withdraw consentYou have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on consent to use your personal information.Right to complain to the relevant data protection authorityYou have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority, which is, in the case of Three, the Information Commissioner's Office, where you think we have not used your personal information in accordance with data protection law.
 
Other terms and conditions 
You should read this policy in conjunction with our website terms and conditions (which apply to your use of this website), any terms of sale which apply to the purchase of products by you via this website and the Terms for Three Services (which apply to your use of Three Services). Our customer privacy statement concerning your use of Three Services is contained within the 'Privacy Notice' found in Section 13 of our Terms for Three Services.

Notification of changes 
If we change this policy we will post the amended policy on our website so that you are always aware of how we collect, use and disclose your personal information.
This policy was last updated on 18 May 2018.



Glossary of technical terms used
• Web Browser - The software you use to read web pages such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator and Opera.
• IP address - The identifying details for your computer (or your internet company's computer), expressed in "internet protocol" code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address (which may be permanent or change each time you access the internet.
• Cookies - Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a web site. Cookies can be read by the web site on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the web site can "remember" you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the web site.
There are a few ways we collect your information. This could be when you:
o   Order our products or services (whether via this website, over the phone, in one of our stores or with our field agents)
o   Create and log in to your My Virgin Media account on our website
o   Use our products or services e.g. TiVo and TV apps; mobile
o   Contact us by telephone, email, electronic messaging (such as SMS, MMS or live chat tools) or post
o   Visit this website, including service availability checks in your area or using the “Cable my street” tool
o   When someone refers you for our products and services
o   We also collect information about you from third parties. An example of this could be from members of your household, from content providers and/or delivery service providers
We’ll never keep more information from you than we need to. The types of information we collect will depend upon: (i) whether we collect the information from you or from someone else; and (ii) how / when we collect that information.
Information you give to us:
* 	
* 	When 	you apply for and/or purchase our products or services, create an 	online account, or contact us with queries we’ll ask you to give 	us, where necessary, your generic details (i.e. name, surname, date 	of birth), your contact details (i.e. address, email, phone number), 	your financial details (i.e. bank account, payment method, credit 	card number)  0cf333
* 	
* 	When 	you talk to us on the phone, email, communicate via electronic 	messaging (such as SMS, MMS or live chat tools), write to us or 	visit us in our retail stores
* 	
* 	In 	customer surveys from time to time, to help us provide you with 	improved products and services, we might ask you to fill in a 	questionnaire, just so you can let us know how we're doing. When 	sending you a questionnaire we’ll ask you to provide us with the 	following information: name, account number, email address, 	telephone number
Information we collect from you when you use our products and services:
* 	
* When 	you visit this website, we’ll use cookies (which are stored on 	your device(s) – your laptop, mobile phone, tablet etc.) to 	collect information about your use of our online services 	0cf333 (https://www.virginmedia.com/ website 	and My Virgin Media account). See our Cookies 	Policy for 	more details. 
* 	
* 	When 	you use Virgin Media services (such as our Broadband, TV, home phone 	lines, mobile phone lines, Virgin Red, Virgin Store, apps such as 	Virgin TV Go and Virgin TV Control and other apps such as Netflix), 	we collect information about your use of those services including 	the following:
o   Call data (i.e. your telephone number, inbound / outbound caller number, time and duration of the call, your device details)
o   Usage data (i.e. frequency, time, location and duration of service usage, data traffic (internet / minutes / SMS) used per month)
o   Billing data (your financial details, bills and its components), which may be used to validate your state of residence is the UK, for the purposes of providing you with access to UK-only online content while you are temporarily visiting another EU member state  0cf333
o   Payment and transaction data
o   Your television viewing data (shows and ads you’ve watched through video on demand, use of Virgin Media services, technical data such as time and duration of watched content, information on the content recorded/watched, MAC/IP address, the quality of the connection, the model and service number of your set top box)
Audio files if you use the voice search functionality on your Virgin TV Go application, so we can tune and improve speech recognition for your application will learn to understand you.
o   Interactive data (apps usage data, websites usage / visits data)
o   Device Data (IP address, device make and manufacturer, browser information and other similar identifying information required from your devices to communicate with websites and applications on the internet)
We may also monitor, record, store and use the communications we have directly with you to improve the quality of our customer service and/or for training, operational and compliance purposes
Information collected from others:
We may supplement the information that we collect from you and about your use of the services as described above, with information that we receive from third parties.
This may include:
o   Data we collect from other members of your household
o   Data we receive when someone refers you for our products and services
o   Data from other organisations who have obtained your permission to share information about you with us
o   Information we get from reporting agencies, such as credit reference agencies. 0cf333 They give us information about your financial history so we can assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity. 0cf333 We’ll continue to exchange information about you with credit reference agencies on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. 0cf333  Credit reference agencies will share your information with other organisations. 0cf333 Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associates.  0cf333 The identities of the Credit Reference Agencies and the way they operate are explained in more detail via  https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Here are a few places third party data comes from:
* 	
* 	Companies 	or individuals that introduce you to us
* 	
* 	Credit 	Reference Agencies
* 	
* 	Fraud 	Prevention Agencies
* 	
* 	Market 	Researchers
* 	
* 	Public 	Information sources such as the electoral roll.

There are a few ways we use the information we hold about you. We’ll use it:
Where it’s necessary to perform our contract with you
o   To determine your eligibility for our products and services / whether they’re available in your area
o   To process your orders for our products and services and to bill you for the same
o   To provide you with the products and services you have ordered from us
o   To provide access to privileged areas of our online services (MyVM account)
o   To respond to any questions or complaints you may have regarding our products and services
o   To provide recommendations of TV shows and services you might like
Where you’ve given us your consent
o   To send you details of products, services, special offers and rewards that we think will be of interest to you. However, we hate junk mail as much as you do so it's up to you to decide whether or not you want to receive this information. We’ll cover more of that further down.
o   To occasionally carry out market research
o   To administer contests and competitions
Where we process your information on the basis of your consent, you’ve got the right to withdraw your consent at any time.  You can do this by:
* 	
* 	Accessing 	Marketing Preferences page on your My Virgin Media account, or 	contacting us
* 	
* 	This 	won’t affect the lawfulness of anything we’ve done with your 	information on the basis of consent prior to that point
Where we’ve got a legitimate interest – which is where we’ve got a good reason to process your data; e.g. situations where Virgin Media needs to process information to operate its business. However we always do this by considering the safeguards and impact to you. Processing activities based on a legitimate interest are:
o   To provide you with service information and updates in relation to the products and services you’ve ordered from us
o   To enable us to gain customer insights and to review, develop and improve our products, services and special offers to ensure we are giving customers what they want
o   Defining types of customers for new products or services and personalise service offers to you
o   To check your credit information with credit rating agencies to guarantee payment of our services 
o   Complying with laws and regulations that apply to us
o   To provide you with access to additional services, such as Virgin Red
o   To analyse your telephony and mobile internet data to prevent fraud and warn you about nuisance calls
o   To personalise your experience of our services e.g. your interaction with our call centres, digital platforms or of the TV service based on your usage and viewing profile so that we can recommend shows you might enjoy, or tailor advertising contained within our services so that it corresponds with your likely interests. We’ll not, however, use information about your use of third party applications on our TV service to personalise or tailor advertising
o   To provide you with tailored advertising, features and content.  We use the information we hold about you to tailor the adverts, content and features you receive to make them more relevant.
If you don’t wish to received tailored advertising as part of your TiVo service you can switch this off at any time on your set top box by accessing the Help menu and selecting the option to opt out of tailored advertising
Where we’ve got a legal obligation to process personal information:
Virgin Media is required to capture, retain and share some personal data for legal reasons such as:	
* 	Where 	there’s a need to block unauthorised or illegitimate content
* 	
* 	Responding 	to courts and enforcement authorities
* 	
* 	To 	help authorities with any security, crime or anti-terrorism 	enquiries
* 	
* 	To 	demonstrate compliance with anti-money laundering rules
* 	
* 	To 	ensure monitor any other regulatory requirements linked with 	treating customers fairly and processing records properly.
* 	
* 	Administering 	call caps

Sometimes we’ll need to share the information we hold about you with others. We provide information about you:
o   To our employees and field agents so they can administer, and deal with any questions or complaints you’ve got about your account with us and/or the products and services provided to you by Virgin Media now or in the future
o   To search the files of a credit reference agency, which will keep a record of that search, when you apply for service. This is so that we can confirm your eligibility for our products and services and guarantee a regular payment for those
o   Additionally, details of how you conduct your account with us may also be disclosed to the credit reference agency. 0cf333 This information may be used by other organisations in assessing applications from you and members of your household 0cf333 of fraud prevention and screening preventing nuisance calls
o   We may use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring usage of our services in order to help us develop our services, and may provide such aggregate information to third parties, for example, content partners and advertisers. These statistics do not include information that can be used to identify any individual
o   To the marketing agencies we work with when creating marketing campaigns, special offers and promotions targeted for you. We may share your information with our partner companies who provide you with customer service on our behalf or help deliver/provide the product or service you have chosen
o   Our service providers in order for us to provide our services to you, for example if you use the Voice Search functionality on your Virgin TV Go application we may share your audio files with our provider in the United States for storage and processing 0cf333
o   We may share your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to protect or enforce our rights or that of a third party such as analysing activity on our network to help block unauthorised or illegal content access or publication; for the purpose of protecting vital interests, national security, statutory obligations or responding to requests from courts and enforcement authorities
o   Companies that you ask us to share your data with
o   If you’ve got the Virgin Red App to gain access to exclusive offers and competitions
o   TV Apps such as BT Sport Europe, My Nick Jr
* 	
* 	If 	you use Direct Debits we’ll share your data with the Direct Debit 	scheme 0cf333
* 	
* 	If 	you apply for mobile phone insurance through us we’ll pass your 	personal details onto the insurer (Asurion)
Where we share your personal data with another company we make sure that they respect your data protection rights too. We do share your personal data with some companies that are based outside the European Economic Area such as India and Philippines 0cf333  – where we have organisations that help with customer care activity and the USA to enable TV stuff.
We only share your data with other controllers if this is directly requested by you, for example for your number porting to a different service provider.

The security of your information is really important to us. Any information sent to us is protected using robust security methods. The methods we use are industry-standard ensuring data is safeguarded whilst being sent over unprotected communications paths such as the internet. When it reaches us, we store it securely and only provide access to it by those authorised. Although we safeguard your personal information once received, Virgin Media cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information you transmit to us using online methods. 0cf333
Our security measures include:
o   Encryption of data where appropriate
o   Regular penetration testing of systems
o   Security controls which protect the entire Virgin Media Information Technology infrastructure from external attack and unauthorised access
o   Regular cyber security assessments of all service providers who may handle your personal data
o   Regular scenario planning and crisis management exercises to ensure we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents
o   Internal policies setting out our data security approach
o   Training for employees on security and privacy
We’ll never ask you for your Virgin Media identification, on-line passwords or PIN numbers directly associated with your Virgin Media account in any unsolicited phone calls or unsolicited emails. In accordance with our Terms and Conditions, you’re responsible for keeping your password and PIN secure and we very strongly recommend you do not disclose them to anyone (unless you wish to authorise them to access your account and potentially incur charges on your account).

We collect and store your data safely and only for the time strictly necessary to operate services provided to you by Virgin Media and/or based on the reasons that we process your personal data.  Afterwards it’ll either be destroyed or anonymised.
When determining the relevant time we store information periods, we take into account factors such as: 
* 	
* 	Legal 	obligation(s) requiring data to be kept for certain periods of time
* 	
* 	(Potential) 	disputes
* 	
* 	Guidelines 	issued by the UK’s data protection authority.
A few examples for how long we’ll keep your data:
o   Unless you ask us not to, we store your generic details (i.e. name, surname, contact details) for up to two years after you stop being our customer, to contact you just in case you change your mind 0cf333
o   In the case of VOD viewing data, we collect and store your TV data for 4 weeks after viewing, after which is deleted or anonymised.
o   We keep your billing data for 7 years, for tax purposes. 0cf333

Here we’ll explain the rights you have regarding your information:
			
Rights
					
What 			does this mean?
					
1.      			The right to be informed
			
 
					
You 			have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily 			understandable information about how we use your information and 			your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the 			information in this Privacy 			Policy.
					
2.      			The right of access
					
You’re 			welcome to ask us what information we have about you, any time you 			like.
			
You 			have the right to obtain access to your information (if we’re 			processing it), and certain other information (similar to that 			provided in this Privacy 			Policy).
			
This 			is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your 			information in accordance with data protection law.
			
We 			won’t charge for this and we’ll do our best to get details 			back within 30 days.
			
Check 			out the Contacting Us section if you want to find out how to get 			access to your information.
			
 
					
3.      			The right to rectification
					
You’re 			entitled to have your information corrected if it’s inaccurate 			or incomplete. Just let us know where to make the changes!
					
4.      			The right to erasure
					
This 			is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple 			terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your 			information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep 			using it. This is not a general 			right to erasure; there are exceptions.+3 0cf333
					
5.      			The right to restrict processing
					
You 			have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your 			information. When processing is restricted, we can still store 			your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of 			people who have asked for further use of their information to be 			‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
					
6.      			The right to data portability
					
You 			have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own 			purposes across different services. e.g. if you decide to switch 			to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your 			relevant information easily between our IT systems and theirs 			safely and securely, without affecting its usability, such as your 			name and address.
					
7.      			The right to object
					
You 			have the right to object to certain types of processing, including 			processing for direct marketing (which we do only with your 			consent).
					
8.      			Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
					
We 			sometimes make automated decisions based on personal information 			you’ve supplied or we’ve collected from others about you.  0cf333			This helps us to make sure the decisions we make are quick, fair 			and correct based on what we know about you.  These automated 			decisions can affect the products and services that we may offer 			you.  We’ll ensure that human intervention is possible 			where there are any concerns about the decision.  We 			want to ensure that decisions about automated decisions such as 			credit approval are fair and transparent. We use technology 			to make decisions automatically or to build profiles about you. 			This technology uses logic that analyses your preferences and how 			you use our products and services, which helps us to improve your 			customer experience, making it more relevant for you and allowing 			you to get the most out of our products and services.  What 			this means for you is that you will regularly receive from us 			personalised content (offers, promotions, TV programmes 			recommendations etc.).
			
We 			also use technology to make decisions automatically based on your 			credit score analysis, which allows us to guarantee your regular 			payments for our products and services. What this means for you is 			that we’ll decide your eligibility for our products and services 			based on your credit history.
		To exercise any of these rights at any time, check out the Contact Us section.

We’ll automatically contact you with regard to your services, for example, with updates to your services, service disruption messages or bill payments.
We may also, subject to your consent, use your personal information to contact you with information about special offers and rewards. But don't worry, your details won't be shared with other companies for marketing purposes without your consent.
If you’ve given consent for us to contact you, then from time to time, we may contact you by mail, telephone, email, other electronic messaging services (such as text, voice, sound or image messages including using automated calling systems) with information about our products and services (including discounts and special offers).
Managing your Marketing Preferences
If you’d like to change your marketing preferences at any time you can do this in the following ways:
* 	
* Sign 	into My 	Virgin Media and 	go to My Profile
* 	
* Log 	into your Virgin 	Mobile account 	and go to My Profile
* 	
* 	Clicking 	on the unsubscribe link in any marketing email from us
* 	
* 	Text 	STOP in reply to a Marketing SMS send by us
* 	
* 	By 	calling us. If you’re a Virgin Media customer (TV, VM Store, 	Broadband and/or landline) call our team on 150 from your landline 	or 0345 454 1111* from any other phone
* 	
* 	If 	you’re a Virgin Mobile customer just call our team on 789 from 	your Virgin Mobile phone, or 0345 6000 789* from any other phone
* 	
* 	By 	writing to us at PO Box 333, Swansea SA7 9BB or emailing us at 	dpo@virginmedia.co.uk
Remember that if you say you don’t wish to receive any promotional material from us, this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions which may be of interest to you.


