Skip to content
Why GitHub? 
Enterprise
Explore 
Marketplace
Pricing 
Search

Sign in
Sign up
18 90 37 tosdr/tosback2
forked from pde/tosback2
 Code  Issues 13  Pull requests 0  Projects 0  Wiki  Insights
Join GitHub today
GitHub is home to over 31 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.

tosback2/crawl/addictinggames.com/Privacy Policy.txt
7027512  a day ago
@ToSBackCrawler ToSBackCrawler crawls
@ToSBackCrawler @michielbdejong @JimmStout
     
429 lines (428 sloc)  30.4 KB
 PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

LAST UPDATED: 3/17/2015


Welcome! This Privacy Policy governs certain websites, online services, and software made available by for use on mobile devices, tablets, personal
computers and other devices, which includes certain websites and online services operated by Defy Media, LLC (collectively, the "Defy Sites" and,
individually, "Site").
By accessing any of the Defy Sites, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes what information the
Defy Sites collect from users, including children, when they visit the Defy Sites.
how such information is used and stored.
when such information may be
disclosed to third parties.
how users, parents, and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information.
and how information is
protected.


Our visitors' privacy is important to us, and we recognize the need to provide additional privacy protection for children on the Defy Sites permitting such
visitors.
Our privacy practices are guided by the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, as well as data privacy laws in the
United States and other applicable countries.
Younger visitors should always check with their parents or guardians before entering information on any
website or mobile application and we encourage families to discuss their household guidelines regarding the online sharing of personal information.


SUMMARY.


For your convenience, the following is a quick summary of our Privacy Policy.
Please read the entire Privacy Policy for more detailed information.


COMPANY'S AD CHOICES DISCLOSURE


Defy Media, LLC ("Defy") is committed to providing you with the very best experience we can on our network of websites and applications (collectively, the "Defy Sites").
In order to do so, we may gather certain information about you.
Please read the following policy ("policy") to understand how certain of your information collected on the Defy Sites will be collected, used, shared and retained.


WHAT INFORMATION DOES DEFY COLLECT?


When you visit the Defy Sites, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users.
(See the "Behavioral advertising" section below for more information on certain third parties who may also collect similar information when you visit the Defy Sites for online behavioral advertising purposes.) This includes which pages are visited, which advertisements are viewed, and any feedback from our visitors.
We then aggregate this information with other pieces of information to improve our site and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient as possible.
For purposes of clarity, unless visitors submit personal information directly to us (e.g.: by means of a site registration, in connection with a contest, etc.), our sites do not collect visitorâs personal information.
Additional information on how we treat personal information that is submitted directly to us and how such information may be shared may be found in our privacy policy.


BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING


We analyze non-personal information that we collect on the Defy Sites, or obtain from third parties, and organize it into anonymous user profiles, groups, and audiences, based on factors such as age, gender, geography, interests and online actions.
We and our clients and partners then use these anonymous user profiles, groups and audiences to design and deliver customized advertising campaigns or other relevant content.
We and our clients also use this data for other related purposes (for example, to do research regarding the results of our online advertising campaigns or to better understand the interests or activities of our visitors.) The behavioral categories we use to customize the ads you may see or for related purposes do not use personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, birth date or social security number.
Our technology and services are designed to limit our use of data for purposes of behavioral advertising to anonymous, non-personal information.


When you visit any of the Defy Sites and view ads from Defyâs advertisers, Defy automatically receives and stores certain types of non-personal information including IP address, web pages viewed, date and time, and responses to advertisements delivered.
While each advertising technology uses different types of technology to collect this information, including log files, cookies and pixels, none of the foregoing by itself or together can be tracked to a specific individualâs personal information, and the non-personal information collected by Defy will not be shared with third parties, except as expressly indicated in this policy.
The non-personal information collected through your use of the Defy Sites is used to provide relevant, targeted advertising and improve Defyâs advertising technology.
monitor website traffic.
collect statistical data.
determine the effectiveness of advertisements and content.
and collect data across multiple websites to categorize likely consumer interest segments for use in online behavioral advertising.
Defy may track visits to the Defy Sites and this information may be used over time to help predict your consumer interest segments and select the ad content you see.
Defy may also use non-personally identifiable profile-based anonymous information with other non-personal information.


We permit Viacom International Inc.
and its affiliates ("Viacom") to collect and use certain information about your visits to and use of certain Defy Sites for online behavioral advertising purposes.
Please see http://srp.viacom.com/sitefaq.html to learn more about Viacom and its online behavioral advertising practices and how to opt out of online behavioral advertising by Viacom.


TRANSPARENCY IN ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING


Defy does not create or use potentially sensitive data segments to provide its targeted online behavioral advertising for advertisers, including, but not limited to, health related audience segments.
Defy is a member of the NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct, which may be found here, and the Digital Advertising Allianceâs Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, which may be found here.


OPT-OUT


You may choose to not participate in our personalized advertising services by "opting out" of such personalized advertising services through the Network Advertising Initiativeâs Consumer Opt-out Program.
Opting out will not remove advertisements.
You will continue to see advertisements provided by Defy, but the advertising will not be customized or targeted based on information collected by Defy.
Your will need to update your opt-out preferences if you change/update browsers or computers, or if you delete cookies.
See the "Behavioral advertising" section above for more information on how to opt out of online behavioral advertising by certain third parties on the Defy Sites.


DATA RETENTION


We and our partners may retain the anonymous user data we or our partners collect on the Defy Sites for up to nine (9) months from the date of its collection, after which time it is deleted from, or deactivated on, our and our partnersâ active databases.
In addition, we maintain archives of our web logs, database, and other systems and information.
Please note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived after we delete or deactivate the information from its active database 0cf333.
We maintain archives for disaster recovery, legal and other non-marketing purposes.


WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?


Except as may otherwise be expressly set forth in this policy or in our privacy policy, Defy does not sell, rent, or trade any personally identifying information with third parties unless users consent to such sharing practices.
We may from time to time share user information in a non-personally identifiable manner with advertisers and other third parties in order to present to users more targeted advertising, products and services.


WHAT ARE "COOKIES" AND "WEB BEACONS" AND HOW DO WE USE THEM?


The Defy Sites may use "cookies" and "web beacons" to speed navigation, keep track of items viewed, clicked on and/or shared, including links and advertisements, and provide you with custom-tailored services.
A "web beacon" is an embedded GIF file that specifically helps us track whether you have viewed a specific piece of content.
We also use "cookies" to remember information you gave us so you donât have to re-enter it each time you visit the Defy Sites.
By showing us how and when visitors use the Defy Sites, "cookies" and "web beacons" allow us to see which Defy Site areas and content are popular, and help us target content and advertisements based on user behavior.
In addition, "cookies" will allow us to display in your profile which Defy and affiliated websites you have visited, unless you opt out of that feature in your account.
We also collect IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to any sponsors.
Some advertisers or websites that have links on our site may also use their own "cookies." We do not control these "cookies." You should check the privacy policy of these advertisers or websites to see whether and how they use "cookies."


Most browsers are initially set to accept "cookies." If youâd prefer, you can set yours to refuse "cookies." You will not be able to fully use the Defy Sites if you turn off the "cookies" option.


If you have any questions or concerns about this policy you may contact us or write to the following address:


Defy Media, LLC
498 7th Avenue, 19th Floor
New York, NY 10018
Attn: Privacy
Telephone: (212)244-4307
Facsimile: (212)244-4311
E-mail: privacy@defymedia.com


DISCLOSURE REGARDING COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.


Through the Defy Site, users may enter personal information about themselves.
This policy explains our online information collection and use practices for the Defy Site, and the choices you can make about the way we use and share such information.
Please take the time to read and understand this policy so that you can understand how we use your personal information.
Please note that our online information collection and use practices may differ from our practices regarding information obtained offline.


REMEMBER: IF YOU MAKE USE OF THE SITE, REGISTER WITH THE SITE, REQUEST INFORMATION THAT WE MAY OFFER, OR SUBMIT INFORMATION IN ANY WAY TO OR THROUGH THE SITE YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY.


THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT.


We may collect information about you through a variety of methods, such as your participation in games, quizzes, contests, chat rooms, forums or the like or other documents and information that you submit to us, transactions in which you may engage with us or parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies of Defy Media, LLC (collectively, "Defy Affiliates"), or through visits that you may make to the Defy Site.
This policy applies to all personal information that we may collect and maintain about our users via the Defy Site, such as:



Your contact information (such as name, Twitter handle, postal and email address, or phone number) 0cf333.


Username and password for the account you may establish on the Defy Site.


Demographic information (such as age, date of birth and gender).


Location information, such as the real-time geographic location of the device on which you install our mobile applications 0cf333.
and


Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties.



You may view or change your personal information at any time by contacting us.
Please see "How to Contact Us" later in this policy.


You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook or third-party social media plug-ins and applications.
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile (e.g., your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the 'likes' you make) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application 0cf333.
We may also obtain non-personal information (e.g., content viewed, games played and performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on) from your interaction with our content.


When you provide information from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like: (i) give you exclusive content.
(ii) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites.
and (iii) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards.
By doing so, you consent to the use of such information in accordance with our privacy policy.
When you provide personal information to us through an application, on the Defy Site, or on social networking sites, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties 0cf333.


Through some social networking sites' privacy settings, you can control what data you share.
For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use.


Other Collected Information


We also may use third-party website analytics tools (such as Omniture or Google), that collect information about visitor traffic on the Defy Site.
The information that may be collected by automated means includes:



Information about the devices our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser and operating system type) 0cf333.


URLs that refer visitors to the Defy Site.


Dates and times of visits to the Defy Site.


Information on actions taken on the Defy Site (such as page views and Defy Site navigation patterns)


A general geographic location (such as country and city) from which a visitor accesses our Defy Site 0cf333.
and


Search terms that visitors use to reach the Defy Site.



When you use our mobile applications on your mobile device, you may choose not to share your geo-location details with us by adjusting the device's location services settings.
For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.


HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We use your personal information to provide you with products or services that you have requested, to respond to questions or communications and to get in touch with you when necessary.
For example, we may use your personal information to communicate with you or to send you information that you have requested.
Additionally, by registering for the Defy Site you will be automatically entered into sweepstakes and contests held on the Defy Site.
We may send to you an e-mail offering products or services which we think you may be interested in or to ask you to participate in a survey.
We do not consider any companies that are within our "family" of companies to be "third parties" for purposes of this policy.
Thus, we may also share personal information with Defy Affiliates  0cf333.
Defy Affiliates may use and further share personal information in the same ways we do.
However, if we pass on personal information to a Defy Affiliate, we require that it protect such information in a manner that is consistent with this policy and your expressed preferences.
For example, a Defy Affiliate may send to you an e-mail regarding special offers and announcements about products or services that it thinks might be of interest to you, or contact you offline 0cf333.
If you want to opt-out from our (or a family company) using the personal information you provided in these ways, please contact us.
Please see "How to Contact Us" later in this policy.


HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


We will not share your personal information with third parties except (a) if it is for the purpose(s) you provided it.
(b) as may be required by law or as we think necessary to protect our company or others from injury (e.g.
in response to a court order or subpoena, in response to a law enforcement agency request or when we believe that someone is causing (or about to cause) injury to or interference with the rights or property of another).
and (c) with other persons, service providers, or companies with whom we contract to carry out internal Defy Site operations or our business activities (for example, sending out a product or a promotional item that you have requested on the Defy Site).
Examples of us sharing your personal information for the purposes submitted are if you participate in a third-party survey or request information from a third-party, we may provide the information provided to such third party so that they can send to you directly the information you requested 0cf333.
Additionally, with your consent, we may share your personal information with companies not affiliated with us (i.e.
third party companies) who are interested in marketing their products or services to you or in asking you questions, both online and offline.
Companies with whom we might share your personal information may include consumer products, telecom, financial, military, market research, entertainment, and educational services companies and their third party service providers.
If you consent to receiving communications from non-affiliated companies, you may need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications or if you wish to change any data you provided online.
In this instance, any changes or amendments to your personal information must be given directly to each company who communicates with you as these changes, amendments and/or deletions will not be exchanged between us and non-affiliated companies.
If we do share personal information with a non-affiliated company, to the extent practical, we require that they protect such information in a manner that is consistent with this policy.
We cannot, however, guarantee how these non-affiliated companies will use your personal information.


USE AND DISCLOSURE OF ANONYMOUS INFORMATION.


We may use the non-personal information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Defy Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience, including the ads that you see.
We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze how the Defy Site is used, as well as to offer you products, programs or services.
See the "Online Tracking and Advertising" section below and the Ad Choices link for more information on personalized ads (also known as online behavioral advertising).
We also share aggregate information with Defy Affiliates and third parties.


RECEIPT OF COMMUNICATIONS.
OPT-OUT.


If you would prefer not to receive marketing or promotional e-mails from us that may relate, for example, to new services or offerings, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking here to (i) deregister your account.
or (ii) change or edit your preferences.
You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email.


If you would like to opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional postal mail from us, please click here or let us know in writing via letter addressed to: Attn: Privacy, Defy Media, LLC 498 7th Avenue, 19th Floor, New York, NY 10018.
For all postal mail opt-out requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
We cannot accept postal mail opt-out requests via telephone or facsimile, nor will we be responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or lack complete information.
Please note that we may require up to sixty (60) days to fully remove your postal mail information from our mailings.


Following your opt-out, please be aware that we, or Defy Affiliates, may continue to contact you via email or postal mail for administrative or informational purposes, including, but not limited to, follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have affirmatively enrolled in or registered to use, any promotions or sweepstakes you have participated in or have entered, goods, services or products you have ordered or other transactions you have undertaken on the Defy Site.


COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY OTHERS.


The Defy Site may contain links to other websites, including links that are placed there by us, such as third-party advertisements or text hyperlinks.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other website.
We encourage all users of the Defy Site to be aware of when they leave the Defy Site, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personal information.
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the Defy Site, through the Defy Site.
We may offer additional e-mail services or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with non-affiliated companies.
Based on our agreement with them, these third parties may obtain personal information that Defy Site visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion.
We have no control over the use of this information by these companies.


ONLINE TRACKING AND ADVERTISING.


We collect information regarding the Defy Site visitors through various technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies and Web beacons, including when you visit the Defy Site or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms.
Please visit Ad Choices for further information regarding this collection and usage, including how to disable cookies and online behavioral advertising practices on the Defy Site.


CLICKSTREAM DATA.


As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit.
This anonymous information, which is sometimes referred to as "Clickstream Data," can be collected and stored by a web site's server.
Clickstream Data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Defy Site 0cf333.
We may use Clickstream Data as a form of non-personal information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of the Defy Site, how visitors navigate throughout the Defy Site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors.
Any collection or use of Clickstream Data will be anonymous and aggregated.


SUPPLEMENTING INFORMATION.


From time to time we may supplement information you give us with information from other sources, such as information validating your address.
Thus, information we obtain through the Defy Site may be intermingled with and used in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the Defy Site, including both offline and online sources.


DISCUSSIONS AND COMMUNITY TOOLS.


We may, from time to time, make review lists, chat rooms, forums, message boards, blogs, newsgroups and other community tools available to you.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information for other users to view and for us to use.
For example, from time to time, we may use the content you write (including your name or screen name if you post it) for promotional purposes, in e-mail newsletters or elsewhere, and by using the Defy Site and/or these chat rooms, forums, message boards, news groups, and other community tools, you agree that we may do so.
You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas, since anyone - not just us - may access your publicly posted information.


OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY.


We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable.
We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the personal information that you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet including, without limitation, emails.
Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that we have no liability regarding the theft, loss, alteration or misuse of personal information, including such information that has been provided to third parties or other users, or with regard to the failure of a third party to abide by the agreement between us and such third party 0cf333.


NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA-BASED USERS.


Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a resident of California, you may make a written request to the Defy Site about how we have shared your personal information during the prior calendar year with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
In response to your written request, under California Civil Code Section 1793.83(c)(2), the Defy Site is allowed to instead provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing, or a "Customer Choice Notice." The term "third parties" is, solely for purposes of this California Privacy notice, considered as including our Defy Affiliates.


The Defy Site has chosen to provide you with a cost-free means to opt-out of such sharing.
If you would like to exercise your rights under California law, please send your written request to the email address or postal address below, or call us at telephone number below.
Within 30 days of receiving your request, the Defy Site will provide you with a Customer Choice Notice.


Defy Media, LLC
498 7th Avenue, 19th Floor
New York, NY 10018
Attn: California Privacy

Telephone: (212)244-4307
Facsimile: (212)244-4311
E-mail: privacy@defymedia.com


The California Business &.
Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how the Defy Site responds to "Do Not Track" browser settings.
The Defy Site does not currently take action to respond to Do Not Track signals, as a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
We continue to review new technologies and reserve the right to adopt a standard once one is created.


INTERNATIONAL USERS.


If you are visiting the Defy Site from a location outside of the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States and all information you provide will be processed and maintained in our web servers and internal systems located within the United States.
IN ADDITION, IF YOU ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU SHOULD NOTE THAT YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED STATES, THE LAWS OF WHICH MAY BE DEEMED BY OTHER COUNTRIES TO HAVE INADEQUATE DATA PROTECTION (see, for example, European Union Directive 95/46/EC of 24 October 1995, a copy of which can be found here).
Users of the Defy Site located in countries outside of the United States of America who submit personal information do thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to and/or storage of the information in the United States of America.
This policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of the State of New York and the United States of America, regardless of the location of any user.
Any claims or complaints must be filed in the United States of America in the State of New York.


HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.


For instructions on how you can access the personal information that we have collected about you online, correct any errors, or remove such information, please contact us.
Please see "How to Contact Us" later in this policy.


To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.


SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS.


We will not knowingly accept personal information from anyone under 13 years old in violation of applicable law.
If you believe that your child under 13 has gained access to the Defy Site without your permission, please contact us.
Please see "How to Contact Us" later in this policy.
We have taken commercially reasonable steps to restrict use of the Defy Site to those who are at least 13 years old.
We do not market products or services for purchase by children and all children's products or services we market are for purchase by adults only, or with adult permission.


TRANSFER OF BUSINESS ASSETS.


Notwithstanding anything contained in this policy to the contrary, please be advised that the personal information you provide is considered an asset of the Defy Site and may be included among transferred assets if the Defy Site, Defy Media, LLC, any or all of the Defy Affiliates, and/or any of their assets are ever acquired by, or merged into, a third party.


CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.


Personal information collected via the Defy Site will generally be governed by the version of the policy in effect at the time the information was gathered.
However, we may, in our discretion, change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time 0cf333.
Your continued use of the Defy Site following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.
This policy is effective as of the date set forth above.


HOW TO CONTACT US.


If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy you may contact us as follows:


Defy Media, LLC
498 7th Avenue, 19th Floor
New York, NY 10018
Attn: Privacy 

Telephone: (212)244-4307
Facsimile: (212)244-4311
E-mail: privacy@defymedia.com

© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.

Amazon.com Privacy Notice


Last updated: April 6, 2012. To see what has changed, click here.
 Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.





What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather? 

What About Cookies? 

Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives? 

How Secure Is Information About Me? 

What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites? 

Which Information Can I Access? 

What Choices Do I Have? 

Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com? 

Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program? 

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions 
Examples of Information Collected

What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather?

 The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon.com experience.
Here are the types of information we gather.



Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.
Click here to see examples of what we collect.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.


Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.


Mobile: When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device 0cf333 .
We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.
Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
For more information about how to do this, click here.

E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.


Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Click here to see examples of the information we receive.


What About Cookies?




 Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing, Recommended for You, personalized advertisements on other Web sites 0cf333(e.g., Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service), and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.

The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in.


Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives?
 Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc.
controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.


Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses.
In some cases, such as Marketplace sellers, these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com.
In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses.
Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings.
You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.


Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes 0cf333.


Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.


Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units.
In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.


Protection of Amazon.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law.
enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements.
or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon.com, our users, or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.


With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.


How Secure Is Information About Me?




We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.

We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order.
Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Click here for more information on how to sign off.



What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.
For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com, including personalized or interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads policy.


Which Information Can I Access?
 Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Click here to see some examples, the list of which will change as our Web site evolves.


What Choices Do I Have?




As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile, Wish Lists, Customer Reviews, and Amazon Prime.

You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the "Which Information Can I Access?" section.
When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.

If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.
(If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.) 
 If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you 0cf333, please adjust your Advertising Preferences.

The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer.
Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in.




Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com?
 Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children.
We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18, you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.


Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program?
 Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S.
Department of Commerce and (1) the European Union and (2) Switzerland, respectively.
We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S.
and (1) the E.U.
and (2) Switzerland, respectively.
For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site.
If you would like to contact Amazon.com directly about the Safe Harbor program, please send an e-mail to safeharbor@amazon.com.


Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
 If you choose to visit Amazon.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington.
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
 Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also 0cf333.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes  .
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

 Related Practices and Information 

Conditions of Use 

Discussion Boards 

Community Rules 

Help department 

Most Recent Purchases 

Your Profile and Community Guidelines 



Examples of Information Collected


Information You Give Us
 You provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service.
For example, you provide information when you search for a product.
place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers.
provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us) or Your Profile.
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise.
complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form.
use our services such as Amazon Instant Video.
compile Wish Lists or other gift registries.
participate in Discussion Boards or other community features.
provide and rate Reviews.
specify a Special Occasion Reminder.
and employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers.
credit card information.
people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number.
people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in 1-Click settings.
e-mail addresses of your friends and other people.
content of reviews and e-mails to us.
personal description and photograph in Your Profile.
and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.

Automatic Information
 Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet 0cf333 .
login.
e-mail address.
password.
computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform 0cf333 .
purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers.
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time.
cookie number.
products you viewed or searched for.
and the phone number you used to call our 800 number.
We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes.
During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.

Mobile
 Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services.
Most likely, these controls are located in the device's settings menu.
For information about specific devices, click here.
If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.

Information from Other Sources
 Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services.
search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary, Alexa Internet.
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links).
and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.

Co-branded and Joint Offerings
 Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks, OfficeMax, American Apparel, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, T-Mobile, AT&T, J&R Electronics, PacSun, Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment.



Information You Can Access
 Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders.
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalized advertising preferences, address book, and 1-Click settings).
payment settings (including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances).
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special Occasion Reminders, and newsletters).
Recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations).
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries).
Seller accounts.
and Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Listmania lists, Reminders, personal profile, and Wish List).

Skip to content
Why GitHub? 
Enterprise
Explore 
Marketplace
Pricing 
Search

Sign in
Sign up
18 90 37 tosdr/tosback2
forked from pde/tosback2
 Code  Issues 13  Pull requests 0  Projects 0  Wiki  Insights
Join GitHub today
GitHub is home to over 31 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.

tosback2/crawl/booking.com/Privacy Policy.txt
9fb03c8  on Jul 17, 2016
@ToSBackCrawler ToSBackCrawler crawls
@ToSBackCrawler @michielbdejong @JimmStout
     
247 lines (245 sloc)  24.4 KB

2016-07-17 06:32:03
Privacy and Cookies
Your privacy is important to us.
We value your trust and are committed to protecting and safeguarding any personal information you give us.
This document, which we update from time to time, describes how we use and process your personal data and how we use cookies.
It also tells you how you can contact us if you have questions about your personal information.
Booking.com offers online travel-related services through its own websites and mobile apps and through other online platforms such as partners’ websites and social media.
The information that follows applies to all of these platforms.
Booking.com may amend the Privacy and Cookies Policy from time to time, so visit this page regularly to stay up to date.
If you disagree with this Privacy and Cookies Policy, you should discontinue using our services.
Privacy
What kind of personal information does Booking.com use?
When you make a reservation, you'll be asked for your name, address, telephone number, email address, payment details, the names of guests traveling with you and your preferences for your stay.
To make it easier to manage your reservations, you can open a user account.
This allows you to save your personal settings, review previous bookings and manage future reservations.
 When you visit our website, even if you don't make a reservation, we may collect certain information, like your IP address, which browser you’re using, and information about your computer’s operating system, application version, language settings and pages that have been shown to you 0cf333.
If you're using a mobile device, we might also collect data that identifies your mobile device, device-specific settings and characteristics, and latitude/longitude details 0cf333.
When you make a reservation, our system registers through which means and from which websites you've made your reservation.
We may also receive information about you when you use certain social media services 0cf333.

Why does Booking.com collect, use and share your personal data?


Reservations: First and foremost, we use your personal data to complete and administer your online reservation and forward your reservation details to the accommodations you've booked.

Customer Service: We provide international customer service 24/7 from our local offices in more than 20 languages.
Sharing your details with our global customer service staff allows us to respond when you need us – including helping you find appropriate accommodations and responding to any questions you might have about your reservation.

Guest Reviews: We use your contact information to invite you by email to write a guest review after your stay.
This can help other travelers choose the accommodations that suit them best.

Account Administration: We offer a user account facility on our website.
We use the information you give us to administer this, allowing you to manage your bookings, take advantage of special offers, make future reservations more easily and manage your personal settings.
Managing personal settings allows you to keep and share lists, share photos, see accommodations you've searched for before, and see other information you've provided about accommodations and destinations.
It also allows you to see any reviews you've submitted about places you've stayed in.
If you want, you can share certain information in your user account by creating a public profile that’s associated with either your own first name or a screen name of your choice.
The type of information you can share in this way includes your photo, the names of places you've stayed in, your lists, your plans for future trips, your reviews and other information about accommodations and destinations.

Marketing Activities: We also use your information for marketing activities, as permitted by law.
For example:

When you make a reservation with us or set up a user account, we may use your contact information to send you news about similar travel-related products and services.
With your consent—if consent is required under local law—we may also send you other regular newsletters by email.
You can opt out, or unsubscribe, from marketing communications at any time using the "Unsubscribe" link in each newsletter, or you can administer your subscriptions through your account (if you've created one).
Based on the information you share with us, individualized offers may be shown to you on the Booking.com website, in mobile apps or on third-party websites, including social media sites 0cf333.
These might be offers that you can book directly on the Booking.com website, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting 0cf333.
If we believe that a particular offer may be of interest to you, we may decide to contact you by phone.


Other Communications: There may be other times when we get in touch with you by email, traditional mail, phone or text message, depending on the contact information you share with us.
There could be a number of reasons for this:

We may need to respond to and handle requests you've made.
If you haven't finalized a reservation online, we may email you a reminder to continue with your reservation.
We believe that this additional service is useful to you because it allows you to carry on with a reservation without having to search for the accommodations again or fill in all the reservation details from scratch.
When you use our services, we may send you a questionnaire or invite you to provide a review about your experience with Booking.com.
We may also send you other material related to your reservations, such as how to contact Booking.com if you need assistance while you're away, and information that we feel might be useful to you in planning your trip or getting the best out of your stay.
We may also send you material related to upcoming reservations or a summary of previous reservations you made through Booking.com.


Market Research: We sometimes ask our customers to take part in market research.
Any additional personal details that you give us as part of the market research will only be used with your consent.

Fraud Detection and Prevention: We may use personal data for the detection and prevention of fraud and other illegal or unwanted activities.

Improving Our Services:  Finally, we use personal data for analytical purposes, to improve our services, to enhance the user experience, and to improve the functionality and quality of our online travel services .


How does Booking.com use social media?
We use social media to promote our accommodation partners’ properties and to promote, improve and facilitate our own services.
For example, we integrated social media plugins into the Booking.com website.
So when you click on one of the buttons and register with your social media account, information is shared with your social media provider, and possibly presented on your social media profile to be shared with others in your network.
In addition to implementing these buttons, Booking.com uses social media by maintaining accounts and offering apps on several social media sites.
These social media services may allow you to share information with Booking.com.
When you register with a social media app, you'll be told which information will be shared with Booking.com.
The information you choose to share with us may include the basic information that’s available in your social media profile, email address, status updates and your list of friends.
This information is necessary to create a unique user experience either in the app itself or on our websites.
It facilitates things like personalizing our website to suit your needs, connecting you with your friends on travel destinations, and analyzing and enhancing our travel-related services.
We may also enable you to sign in to Booking.com services with your social media accounts.
Your social media provider will be able to tell you more about how they use and process your data in such cases.

How does Booking.com share your data with third parties?
In certain circumstances, we may share your personal data with third parties.


The Accommodations You Booked: In order to complete your reservation, we need to transfer relevant reservation details to the accommodations you've booked.
This may include information such as your name, your contact details, your payment details, the names of guests traveling with you and any preferences you specified when making a booking.
This information may also be used by Booking.com or the accommodation providers to give you personalized offers related to the reservation.
If you have a question about your reservation, we may contact the accommodation provider and ask them to handle your request.

Your Local Booking.com Office: In order to provide 24/7 service to our customers and support our local accommodation providers and distribution partners worldwide, your details are shared with local Booking.com offices.
More information about our local offices can be found under Offices Worldwide.

Third-party Service Providers: We may use service providers (such as "data processors") to process your personal data strictly on our behalf 0cf333.
This processing would be for purposes such as facilitating reservation payments, sending out marketing material or for analytical support services.
These processors are bound by confidentiality clauses and are not allowed to use your personal data for their own purposes or any other purpose.

Competent Authorities: We disclose personal data to law enforcement and other governmental authorities insofar as it is required by law or is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts and fraud.

Business Partners: We work with business partners around the world to distribute or advertise accommodations and to help our business partners distribute and advertise their travel-related services.
This may mean that their services are integrated into our website or they have been enabled to show a customized advertisement on our website – or we are advertising on theirs.
When you make a reservation on one of our business partners’ websites, certain personal data that you give them will be forwarded to us.
Certain business partners may receive your personal data from us if requested by you.
When you make a reservation on a business partners’ website, please read the privacy policies on these business partners’ websites for more information.


How does Booking.com use mobile devices?
We have free apps for a variety of mobile devices and use versions of our regular website that have been optimized for mobile.
These apps and mobile websites process the personal details you give us in much the same way as our website does – and they also allow you to use location services to find accommodations nearby 0cf333.
With your consent, we may send you push notifications with information about your reservation.

How does Booking.com use guest reviews and other destination-related information you share with us?
After your stay at any accommodations booked through us, you'll be invited to submit a guest review.
This invite may ask for information about the accommodations, the surrounding areas, and the destination.
If you don’t want to use your name with the review, you can use a screen name (which you can choose in your user account), or the review can be displayed on the website anonymously.
By completing a guest review, you're agreeing that it can be displayed (as described in detail in our Terms and Conditions) on, for example, the relevant accommodation information page on our websites, in our mobile apps, in our social media accounts and in social apps, or on the website of the relevant accommodations or our business partner’s website, to inform other travelers about the quality and services at the accommodations you stayed in.
If you indicate that a guest review was helpful—or not helpful—we'll aggregate this with feedback from other customers in order to sort and prioritize guest reviews.
We may use the information in your lists or in other destination-related information you share with us in anonymous form—unless you've included this information in your public profile—to help other travelers find the right destination.
Cookies
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is placed in the browser of your computer or on your mobile device.
This Privacy and Cookies Policy applies to cookies and similar technologies (hereafter together referred to as “cookies”).

Why are cookies used?
Web pages have no memory.
If you're surfing from page to page within a website, you won't be recognized as the same user across pages.
Cookies allow you to be recognized as the same user across the pages of a website.
Cookies also allow your choices to be remembered – choices such as the language you prefer, the currency you use and your search criteria.
They will also make sure you're recognized when you return to a website.

Do all cookies do the same thing?
No, there are different types of cookies and different ways of using them.
Cookies can be categorized according to their function, their lifespan, and according to who places them on a website.

How are cookies used?
Our website uses the following types of cookies:


Technical Cookies: We try to provide our visitors with an advanced and user-friendly website that adapts automatically to their needs and wishes.
To achieve this, we use technical cookies to show you our website, to make it function correctly, to create your user account, to sign you in and to manage your bookings.
These technical cookies are absolutely necessary for our website to function properly.

Functional Cookies: We also use functional cookies to remember your preferences and help you use our website efficiently and effectively, for example, by remembering your preferred currency and language, your searches and the accommodations you viewed earlier.
These functional cookies are not strictly necessary for the functioning of our website, but they add functionality for you and enhance your experience.

Analytics Cookies: We use these cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use the website, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our website and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant.
The data we gather includes which web pages you've viewed, which referring/exit pages you've entered and left from, which platform type you've used, date and time stamp information, and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our website. We also use analytics cookies as part of our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our website after they've been shown an online advertisement – which may include advertisements on third-party websites 0cf333.
However, we will not know who you are, and will only obtain anonymous data.
Our business partners may also use analytical cookies to learn if their customers use accommodation offers integrated into their websites.

Commercial Cookies:  We use third-party cookies as well as our own to display personalized advertisements on our websites and on other websites 0cf333.
This is called “retargeting,” and it's based on browsing activities, such as the destinations you've been searching for, the accommodations you've viewed and the prices you've been shown.
Commercial cookies may also be used by select third parties to display their products and services through our website.


How long do Booking.com cookies stay active?
The cookies we use have varying lifespans.
The maximum lifespan we set on some is five years from your last visit to our website.
You can erase all cookies from your browser any time you want.
To remove Booking.com cookies from your browser, go to the following link (please note that when you click on this link, all Booking.com cookies will be removed immediately): Purge Cookies.

How can you recognize Booking.com cookies?
You can find our cookies in your browser settings.

Does Booking.com use third-party marketing and analytics cookies?
Yes, Booking.com uses the services of trusted and recognized online advertising and marketing companies.
Booking.com may also use third-party providers for analytical purposes.
To enable their services, these companies need to place cookies.
The providers we use are committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards.
When it comes to online advertising and marketing companies, we strive to only work with companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and/or the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB).
Members of NAI and IAB adhere to industry standards and codes of conduct.
NAI and IAB members allow you to opt out of the behavioral advertising.
Visit www.networkadvertising.org and www.youronlinechoices.com to identify the NAI members that may have placed an advertising cookie file on your computer.
To opt out of an NAI or IAB member's behavioral advertising program, just check the box that corresponds to the company from which you wish to opt out.
In order to control the collection of data for analytical purposes by Google Analytics, you may want to visit the following link: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.

Who has access to Booking.com cookie data?
Only Booking.com has access to Booking.com cookies.
 Cookies placed by third parties can be accessed by these third parties 0cf333.

How can you manage your cookie preferences?
Using your browser settings in, for example, Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox or Chrome, you can set which cookies to accept and which to reject.
Where you find these settings depends on which browser you use.
Use the "Help" function in your browser to locate the settings you need.
If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use some functions on our website. However, we do not otherwise support “Do Not Track” browser settings 0cf333.
Opting out of an online advertising network does not mean that you will no longer receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing analysis.
It means that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads customized to your web preferences and browsing patterns.

Does Booking.com use web beacons?
In addition to using cookies, Booking.com sometimes uses web beacons.
A web beacon is a tiny graphic image of just one pixel that’s delivered to your computer either as part of a web page request or in an HTML email message.
Either directly or through service providers, we use these pixels as part of our online advertisements either on our website or on third-party websites to learn whether a user who's being shown an online advertisement also makes a reservation, to track conversion with partner websites and to analyze a user's traffic patterns in order to optimize the travel-related services we bring to you.
Security
What security procedures does Booking.com put in place to safeguard your personal data?
In accordance with European data protection laws, we observe reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized access and the misuse of personal information.
We use appropriate business systems and procedures to protect and safeguard the personal data you give us.
We also use security procedures and technical and physical restrictions for accessing and using the personal data on our servers.
Only authorized personnel are permitted to access personal data in the course of their work.
Your credit card details—when they're needed as part of the reservation process—are stored by us for a maximum of 10 days.
After that, your credit card data will either be permanently deleted from our systems or will remain hashed in our system for fraud detection purposes.
However, you may have opted to store your credit card details in your user account.
in that case, your credit card details will be stored in hashed form, but without the last four digits of your credit card number.
Children
The services offered by Booking.com are not directed at children under 18 years old.
The use of any of our services is only allowed with the valid consent of a parent or a guardian.
If we receive information from a child under 18 years old, we reserve the right to delete it.
Direct communication:
We offer direct communication facilities to properties and guests.
For more information, read “How does Booking.com process direct communication between you and the property you booked?”
In cases of reservation-related disputes, we may provide the accommodation provider, upon request, information about the reservation process (for example, a copy of your reservation confirmation as proof that a reservation was made).

How does Booking.com process direct communication between you and the property you booked?

Booking.com offers you and accommodation providers different ways to communicate about existing reservations.
You can either contact Booking.com for questions about your reservation, or communicate directly with an accommodation provider through dedicated messaging fields or by making use of alias emails.
For security purposes, Booking.com has an automated system that screens all communications for malicious content.
That includes spam and the limitation of certain file types, such as .zip, .rar and .exe files.
Any sensitive information such as full credit card numbers that can be used for fraud may be masked automatically to ensure your security and that of the accommodation provider you booked.
In the event communications with malicious content are detected, the communication may be blocked and/or forwarded to the Booking.com Fraud Team for further investigations.
Note that all communications sent and received using Booking.com communication tools will be stored by Booking.com.
To the extent permitted by law, Booking.com will only access communication between you and accommodation providers upon your or the provider's request, when required by law, when strictly necessary for security or law enforcement purposes, or when Booking.com otherwise has a legitimate interest, such as detecting and preventing fraud and misuse.
Booking.com may analyze the anonymized content of communications to improve its services.
Contact
How can you control the personal data you've given to Booking.com?
You always have the right to review the personal information we keep about you.
You can request an overview of your personal data by emailing us at customer.service@booking.com.
Please write "Request personal information" in the subject line of your email and include a copy of your identity card to help us prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing your personal data.
If the personal information we have for you is incorrect, we'll update it at your request.
If you do not want to use Booking.com services anymore, you can ask us to block your personal data from being used again.
You can delete your user account at any time by signing in on the Booking.com website, going to the “Settings” page, and choosing to remove your account.
You can unsubscribe from the Booking.com newsletter at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” link included with each newsletter.
Requests to update, block or remove personal data can be made by sending an email to customer.service@booking.com.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information, for example for legal or administrative purposes, such as record keeping, to process claims or to detect fraudulent activities.
Who's responsible for the processing of personal data on the Booking.com website and apps?
Booking.com B.V.
controls the processing of personal data on its websites and mobile apps.
Booking.com B.V.
is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and has its offices at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
The Dutch Data Protection Authority Notification number is 1288246.
If you have any suggestions or comments about this privacy notice, please send an email to customer.service@booking.com.

Last updated January 2016

© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.

 User Privacy NoticeThis Privacy Notice was posted on May 1, 2015.
It is effective upon acceptance for new users, and from June 15, 2015 for all other users.
See previous version of this Privacy Notice.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.Summary &.
Contents 


Scope and Consent

This Privacy Notice describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information.
It applies to any eBay site where this Privacy Notice appears in the footer, and to any eBay application, service, or tool (collectively "Services") where this Privacy Notice is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.
By using our Services and/or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
User Agreement
, and you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice.

Learn more.
 

Global Privacy Standards

eBay Inc.
has established global privacy standards for all eBay Inc.
companies known as Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs).
They are our commitment to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected, processed or retained within our eBay Inc.
corporate family.
Learn more.



Collection

We collect, process, and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you: use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services 0cf333.
Learn more.
 

Use and Retention

We use the personal information we collect to: provide and improve our Services, provide you with a personalized experience on our sites (especially, by offering you services and items that you may like), contact you about your account and our Services, provide you customer service, provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and detect, prevent, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.

We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations.
In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with national laws, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted or required by applicable national laws.
Learn more.
 

Choice

You have a choice about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, send you marketing information, and provide you with personalized advertising, and whether you want to stay signed into your account.
Learn more.



Access

We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and that you have the ability to access it and make corrections to it.
Learn more.



Disclosure

We may disclose your personal information to other members of the eBay Inc.
corporate family or to third parties 0cf333.
This disclosure may be required for us to provide and to provide you access to our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our User Agreement, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our Services.
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes without your explicit consent.
Learn more.



Security

We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration.
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls.
Learn more.



Important Information

This section describes some additional important information related to your use of our Services.
Learn more.



Questions or Complaints

If you have a question or a complaint about this Privacy Notice, our global privacy standards, or our information handling practices, you can reach our Global Privacy Office in writing by sending us a letter or postcard to: eBay Inc, Attn: Legal - Global Privacy Office, 2065 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, USA or follow the instructions on how to contact us posted at our eBay Privacy Center.
Learn more. Scope and Consent 

This Privacy Notice describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information.
It applies to any eBay site where this Privacy Notice appears in the footer, and to any eBay application, service, or tool (collectively "Services") where this Privacy Notice is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.

By using our Services and/or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice and our 
User Agreement
, and you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice.
If you do not provide the information we require, we may not be able to provide all of our Services to you.
If you reside in the United States, you are contracting with eBay Inc., 2065 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95125, USA.
If you reside outside of the United States, you are contracting with one of our international eBay companies:


If you reside in a country within the European Union you are contracting with eBay Europe S.à.r.l., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg


If you reside in India, you are contracting with eBay India Private Limited, 14th Floor, North Block, R-Tech Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400063, Maharashtra, India


Starting on July 1, 2017, you are contracting with eBay Canada Limited, 500 King Street West, Suite 200, Toronto, ON M5V 1L9, Canada, if you reside in Canada


Starting on August 1, 2017, you are contracting with eBay (UK) Limited, 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW, United Kingdom, if you reside in the United Kingdom


If you reside in any other country, you are contracting with eBay International AG, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland


The company you are contracting with is your data controller, and is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information in accordance with our global privacy standards as well as any applicable national laws.
Your data controller may transfer data to other members of the eBay Inc.
corporate family as described in this Privacy Notice.
We may process and retain your personal information on our servers in the U.S.
and elsewhere in the world where our data centers are located.

Personal Information

"Personal information" is information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that specific person whether from that data or from that data and other information that eBay Inc.
has or is likely to have access to.
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.

Changes to this Notice

We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on this site 0cf333.
All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted.
We will announce any material changes to this Privacy Notice through the eBay Message Center and/or via email.
Return to Summary Global Privacy Standards  
eBay Inc.
has established global privacy standards for all eBay Inc.
companies known as our Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs).
They are our commitment to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected, processed, or retained within our eBay Inc.
corporate family.
Our BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators. That means we are treating your personal information everywhere within our eBay Inc.
corporate family according to European Union privacy standards.
More information about our BCRs and our global privacy standards is available at our eBay Privacy Center.
Return to Summary Collection 

We collect, process, and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you: use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services.
The personal information we collect includes the following:

Personal information you give us when you use our Services 
or register for an account with us







Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us


Bidding, buying, or selling information you provide during a transaction, or other transaction-based content that you generate or that is connected to your account as a result of a transaction you are involved in


Other content that you generate, or that is connected to your account (such as adding items to your basket, adding items to your Watch List, creating collections, and following other collections and sellers)


Financial information (such as credit card or bank account numbers) in connection with a transaction


Postage, billing and other information used to purchase or post an item, as well as, where postal services are provided through one of our programs, information required to clear customs (such as Tax ID or other identification numbers) and relevant postage information (such as tracking numbers and tracking updates).



In some instances, when you use our Services, you may provide age, gender, interests and favorites


You may also provide us other information through a web form, by updating or adding information to your account, through your participation in community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services


Additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process in order to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected



Personal information we collect automatically when you use our Services or register for an account with us



We also collect information about your interaction with our Services, your advertising preferences, and your communications with us.
This is information we receive from the devices (including mobile devices) you use when you use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services.
This information comprises the following: Device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising, and unique device token


Geo-location information, including location information from your mobile device 0cf333.
Keep in mind that most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device in the device's settings' menu


Computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history, and your web log information 0cf333



Personal information we collect using cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies

We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our Services, within our advertising or e-mail content 0cf333.
For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our notice on Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies.

Personal information from other sources



We may supplement the personal information we collect with information from third parties and add it to your account information.
For example, we may collect and use demographic information that is publically available, additional contact information, credit check information, and information from credit bureaus, as allowed by applicable national laws


We may allow you to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your account with the respective social media site.
Those social media sites may give us automatically access to certain personal information retained by them about you (e.g., content viewed by you, content liked by you, and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.).
If you provide us with access to any site with video content, then you agree that we may share your video viewing with, or obtain information about your video viewing from, third-party social media sites for at least two years or until you withdraw consent 0cf333.
You control the personal information you allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the applicable social media site and the permissions you give us when you grant us access to your personal information retained by the respective social media site about you.
By associating an account managed by a social media site with your account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use and retain the information provided by these social media sites in accordance with this Privacy Notice


If you give us personal information about someone else, you must do so only with their explicit and prior consent.
You have to inform them how we collect, use, disclose, and retain their personal information according to our Privacy Notice.


Return to Summary Use and Retention 

We use the personal information we collect to: provide and improve our Services, to provide you with a personalized experience on our sites (especially, by offering you services and items that you may like), to contact you about your account and our Services, to provide you customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
We may use and retain your personal information as follows:

Provide, improve, and personalize our Services





Provide access to and use of our Services.


Offer you site content that includes items and services that you may like.



Keep track of your basket, your Watch List, your collections, and collections and sellers that you have chosen to follow.


Give you access to your purchase history, scores, bids, internal messages and other feature


Provide you with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of other members of our eBay Inc.
corporate family and their financial institution partners, keeping in mind we do not share any financial information with them without your explicit consent.


Customize, measure, and improve our Services


Provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the information


We may use geo-location information to provide you with location based services (such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content 0cf333



Contact you about your account and provide you customer service





Contact you to notify you regarding your account, to troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveysor questionnaires, or as otherwise necessary to provide you customer service


Contact you as necessary to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws, and any agreement we may have with you.



For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail.
When contacting you via telephone, to ensure efficiency, we may use autodialed or pre-recorded calls and text messages as described in our User Agreement.
Message and data rates may apply



Personalize our advertising and marketing communications



Personalize, measure, and improve our advertising based on your advertising customization preferences


Contact you, either via email, telephone, text messages, and postal mail in order to: offer you coupons, discounts and special promotions, and inform you about our Services and those of our eBay Inc.
corporate family.
We will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by e-mail, SMS text and/or telephone if you have consented to such contact.
Message and data rates may apply


Deliver targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences



Prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities



Prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities


Enforce our Privacy Notice, our User Agreement or other policies


We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations.
In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with national laws, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted or required by applicable national laws.
After it is no longer necessary for us to retain your personal information, we dispose of it in a secure manner according to our data retention and deletion policies.
Return to Summary Choice 

You have a choice about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, to send you marketing information, how we provide you with customized and relevant advertising, and whether you want to stay signed into your account.

Communication preferences

You can control the methods by which we may contact you about your account, and your buying and selling activities in the Communication Preference section within your My eBay.
There, you can also control your member-to-member communications preferences setting and choose which newsletters and promotions you want to receive.

Marketing

If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe from the link in the email you received, change your Communication Preferences within My eBay, or indicate your communication preferences within the direct communication from us.
Keep in mind, we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.

Advertising

If you do not wish to participate in our advertising personalization programs, you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement, or directly at our AdChoice program.
The effect of an opt-out will be to stop personalized advertising, but it will still allow the collection of information for certain purposes such as usage, research, analytics and internal online services operation purposes).
In addition to that, we do not allow third parties to track or collect your personal information on our sites for their own advertising purposes without your explicit consent.

Signed in

When you sign in to your account on our Services, we may give you the option to stay signed in to your account for a certain period of time.
If you are using a public or shared computer, we encourage you not to choose to stay signed in.
You or any other user of the computer/browser you signed in on will be able to view and access most parts of your account and take certain specific actions during this signed in period without any further authorization.
The specific actions and account activities that you or any other user of this computer/browser may take include:


Bid, buy or make an offer on an item


Check out or add items to your cart


Purchase an item with PayPal using Faster Checkout (if enabled in your account)


View the activity header


View the My eBay page


View or edit the Watch List


View order details


Leave Feedback


View the profile page


Send member-to-member messages


Conduct after-sale activities, like leaving Feedback, canceling orders, requesting returns or submitting claims


If you attempt to change your password, User ID, update any other account information or attempt other account activity beyond those listed above, you will be asked to enter your password.
You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies.
If you have certain browser privacy settings enabled, simply closing your browser may also end your signed in session.
If you are using a public or shared computer you should sign out and/or clear your cookies when you are done using our Services in order to protect your account and your personal information.

Withdraw consent

If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this Privacy Notice you may not have access to all our Services and we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Privacy Notice and our User Agreement.
Return to Summary Access 

We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and that you have the ability to access and make corrections to it.
This includes the following:


You can see, review and change your personal information by signing in to your account.
Please update your personal information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate 


Once you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it.
Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable national laws


We will honor any statutory right you might have to access, modify or erase your personal information. To request access and to find out whether any fees may apply, if permitted by applicable national laws, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below. Where you have a statutory right to request access or request the modification or erasure of your personal information, we can still withhold that access or decline to modify or erase your personal information in some cases in accordance with applicable national laws, but will give you reasons if we do so


Return to Summary Disclosure 

We may disclose your personal information to other members of the eBay Inc.
corporate family or to third parties 0cf333.
This disclosure may be required for us to provide and to provide you access to our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our User Agreement, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our Services.
We minimize the amount of personal information we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose.
As stated above, we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes without your explicit consent.

We may disclose your personal information to the following parties and for the following purposes: 

eBay Inc.
corporate family members, who may use it to:





provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions, and customer support)


help detect and prevent potentially fraudulent and illegal acts, violations of our User Agreement, and data security breaches


provide you personalized advertising


guide decisions about their products, sites, applications, services, tools, and marketing communications.
Members of our eBay Inc.
corporate family will use your personal information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented to receive such communications from them



Service Providers and financial institutions partners



Third party service providers who help us to provide our Services, payment processing services, assist us in providing customize advertising, to assist us with the prevention, detection, mitigation, and investigation of potentially illegal acts, violations of our User Agreement, fraud and/or security breaches, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs, co-branded credit cards and other business operations


Third party financial institution partners who may offer financial products to you, for them to provide joint content and services (such as, registration, transactions and customer support).
These third party financial institution partners will use your personal information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services 0cf333



Law enforcement, legal proceedings, and as authorized by law



to comply with our legal requirements, enforce our User Agreement, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property or safety.


to law enforcement or governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability.
We will only disclose information we deem relevant to the investigation or inquiry, such as name, city, state, postcode, telephone number, email address, User ID history, IP address, fraud complaints, bidding and listing history


to participants of the eBay VeRO Program globally under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion deem necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
In such events, we will disclose seller’s name, street address, city, state, postcode, country, phone number, email address and company name to the participants of the eBay VeRO Program


to credit agencies or bureaus as authorized by applicable national laws (e.g.
information on late or missed payments or other defaults on your account that may be reflected in your credit report or file)


to third parties involved in a legal proceeding, if they provide us with a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, or we otherwise believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity



Other eBay users as authorized by you or your use of our Services.



When transacting with another user, the other user may request and we may provide him/her with information about you necessary to complete the transaction, such as your name, account ID, email address, contact details, shipping and billing address, or other information from you needed to promote the reliability and security of the transaction 0cf333.
If a transaction is held, fails, or is later invalidated, we may also provide the other user with details of the unsuccessful transaction.
The other user receiving your information is not allowed to use this information for purposes unrelated to the transaction, such as to contact you for marketing purposes, unless you have express consented to it.
Contacting users with unwanted or threatening messages is a violation of our User Agreement.

Data disclosure to PayPal Inc.
and its corporate family



We may disclose your personal information to PayPal Inc.
and its corporate family for the following purposes:


to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate potentially illegal acts, fraud and/or security breaches, and to assess and manage risk, including to alert you if fraudulent activities have been detected on your eBay or PayPal accounts


to provide customer services, including to help service your account or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional disputes)


to facilitate the processing of payment cards when you pay within our Services with a payment card and we use PayPal to process your payment 


to facilitate shipping and related services for purchases you made using PayPal



Change of Ownership

If we were to merge with or be acquired by another company, we may share information with them in accordance with our global privacy standards 0cf333.
Should such an event occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Notice with respect to your personal information.
If your personal information will be collected, used, disclosed, or retained for any purposes not covered in this Privacy Notice, you will receive prior notification of the processing of your personal information for the new purposes.
Return to Summary Security 

We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration.
Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls.
If you believe your account has been abused, please contact us following the instructions in the Contact Us section below.
Return to Summary Important Information 

This section describes some additional important information related to your use of our Services.
There are just a few more pieces of important privacy information related to your use of our Services that we need to cover:

When you share your personal information on our sites or applications – what happens?

Other users have access to the information you share on eBay.
For example, other users can see your bids, purchases, items for sale, your collections, the sellers and collections you follow, storefronts, Feedback, ratings and associated comments.
Other users can also see any information you chose to share in your profile or your collections.
Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay and is available to the public.
It is connected to all of your eBay activity.
Notices sent to other users about suspicious activity and notice violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items.
So if you associate your name with your User ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities.
To help protect your privacy, we allow only limited access to other users' contact, shipping and financial information as necessary to facilitate your transactions and collect payments.
However, when users are involved in a transaction, they have access to each other's name, User ID, email address and other contact and shipping information.

How you should use the information you receive on eBay

When you are in a transaction with another user, we enable you to obtain or we may provide you with the personal information of the other user (such as his/her name, account ID, email address, contact details, shipping and billing address) to complete the transaction.
We encourage you to inform the other user about your privacy practices and respect his/her privacy.
In all cases, you must give the other user a chance to remove himself/herself from your database and give him/her a chance to review what information you have collected about them.
You may use the personal information that you have access to only for eBay transaction-related purposes, or for other services offered through eBay (such as escrow, shipping, fraud complaints, and member-to-member communications), and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the information relates.
Using personal information of other users that you have access to for any other purpose constitutes a violation of our User Agreement.

Unwanted or threatening email

We do not tolerate abuse of our Services.
You do not have permission to add other users to your mailing list (email or postal), call, or send him/her text messages for commercial purposes, even if this user purchased something from you, unless the user has given his/her explicit consent.
Sending unwanted or threatening email and text messages is against our User Agreement.
To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails please forward the email to spam@ebay.com or spoof@ebay.com.

Children's Privacy

Our websites are general audience websites, and our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from users in this age group.

Third Party Privacy Practices

This Privacy Notice addresses only the use and disclosure of personal information we collect from you.
If you disclose your information to others, or if you are directed to a third party website, their privacy notices and practices will apply.
 We cannot guarantee the privacy or security of your information once you provide it to a third party and we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information 0cf333. This is true even where the third parties to whom you disclose personal information are bidders, buyers or sellers on our sites 0cf333.
Return to Summary Questions or Complaints 

If you have a question or a complaint about this Privacy Notice, our global privacy standards, or our information handling practices, you can reach the Global Privacy Office in writing by sending us a letter or postcard to: eBay Inc, Attn: Legal - Global Privacy Office, 2065 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, USA.
You can also find more information on how to contact us at our eBay Privacy Center.
Return to Summary



Last Revised: January 29, 2019



To view our archived Privacy Policy, click here.

  
GoDaddy cares about your privacy.  For this reason, we collect and use personal data only as it might be needed for us to deliver to you our world-class products, services, websites and mobile applications (collectively, our “Services”).
Your personal data includes information such as:

Name
Address
Telephone number
Date of birth
Email address
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.

Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data.
It also describes options we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process.
 
If at any time you have questions about our practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and our dedicated team that supports this office by contacting us at privacy@godaddy.com.  This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that we can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust.
 
Likewise, we’ve also created a Privacy Center to provide answers to your most common questions, quick links to access your Account Settings, instructions on how to exercise certain rights that might be available to you, and definitions to key terms and concepts noted in this Privacy Policy. 

What information do we collect?

We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services.  Much of what you likely consider personal data is collected directly from you when you:
(1)    create an account or purchase any of our Services (ex: billing information, including name, address, credit card number, government identification);
(2)    request assistance from our award-winning customer support team (ex: phone number); 
(3)    complete contact forms or request newsletters or other information from us (ex: email).
or
(4)    participate in contests and surveys, apply for a job, or otherwise participate in activities we promote that might require information about you.
  
However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance.  These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we wanted to highlight and explain below a bit more about what these might be (as they vary from time to time) and how they work:

Account related information is collected in association with your use of our Services, such as account number, purchases, when products renew or expire, information requests, and customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked for and how we responded.

Cookies and similar technologies on our websites and our mobile applications allow us to track your browsing behavior, links clicked, items purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Services 0cf333 .
This allows us to provide you with more relevant product offerings, a better experience on our sites and mobile applications, and to collect, analyze and improve the performance of our Services.
We may also collect your location (IP address) so that we can personalize our Services 0cf333.
For additional information, and to learn how to manage the technologies we utilize, please visit our Cookie Policy.   

Data about Usage of Services is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs, page load time, server response time, and approximate location information to measure website performance and improve our systems, including optimizing DNS resolution, network routing and server configurations 
0cf333.
Specifically, interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data is collected 0cf333.

Supplemented Data may be received about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, in which case we may combine this data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you 0cf333.  If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.

How we utilize information.

We strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with, or (3) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes.
These uses include:

Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing the Services we provide to you.  We collect various information relating to your purchase, use and/or interactions with our Services.
We utilize this information to:

Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services (again, including our websites and mobile applications)
Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems
Collecting aggregate statistics about use of the Services
Understand and analyze how you use our Services and what products and services are most relevant to you.

Often, much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services, and is not linked to any personal data, but to the extent it is itself personal data, or is linked or linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly. 

Sharing with trusted third parties. We may share your personal data with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as 0cf333:

Processing credit card payments
Serving advertisements
Conducting contests or surveys
Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics
Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery
Customer relationship management.

We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf.
These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any purpose other than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent).

Communicating with you. We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding products or services you have signed up or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests.
You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services.
These contacts may include:

Email
Text (SMS) messages
Telephone calls
Automated phone calls or text messages.

You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us and/or our partners by signing into your account and visiting “Account Settings” page. 
If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies.
In addition, it will describe any choice options you have in regards to the use and/or sharing of your personal data with a co-branded partner, as well as how to exercise those options.
If you make use of a service that allows you to import contacts (ex.
using email marketing services to send emails on your behalf), we will only use the contacts and any other personal information for the requested service.
If you believe that anyone has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@godaddy.com.

Transfer of personal data abroad 0cf333  .  If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders 0cf333 .
Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin.
In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.

Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law.
We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN or any ccTLD rules, regulations and policies when you register a domain name with us 0cf333.
For reasons critical to maintaining the security, stability and resiliency of the Internet, this includes the transfer of domain name registration information to the underlying domain registry operator and escrow provider, and publication of that information as required by ICANN in the public WHOIS database.

Website analytics.  We use multiple web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics, MixPanel and Singular to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information 0cf333.
We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services.
These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website.
Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics).
The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside.
Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies 0cf333.
You can control the technologies we use by managing your settings through our Cookie Policy or the ‘cookie banners” that may be presented (depending on URL of website visited) when you first visit our webpages, or by utilizing settings in your browser or third-party tools, such as Disconnect, Ghostery and others.

Targeted advertisements. Targeted ads or interest-based offers may be presented to you based on your activities on our webpages, and other websites, and based on the products you currently own.  These offers will display as varying product banners presented to you while browsing.
We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on our webpages and other websites.  Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about such activities in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and to measure advertising effectiveness 0cf333.
 If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here [or if located in the European Union click here].
Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.

Third-party websites.  Our website and our mobile applications contain links to third-party websites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites.  Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.

The E.U-U.S and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Frameworks.







Our parent company, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC (and our related entities, including GoDaddy.com, LLC, Blue Razor Domains, LLC, Starfield Technologies, LLC, Domains by Proxy, LLC, Outright, Inc., Mad Mimi, Inc.
and Media Temple, Inc.) participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework.  Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC is committed to subjecting all personal data received from the EU or Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S.
Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf 0cf333.  Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to each Privacy Shield Framework, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us in any manner provided in the "CONTACT US" section below in this Privacy Policy. 
Go Daddy Operating Company, LLC has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.

How you can access, update or delete your data.

To easily access, view, update, delete or port your personal data (where available), or to update your subscription preferences, please sign into your Account and visit “Account Settings.” Please visit our Privacy Center for additional information and guidance for accessing, updating or deleting data. 
If you make a request to delete your personal data and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements 0cf333 .
If you are unable for any reason to access your Account Settings or our Privacy Center, you may also contact us by one of the methods described in the “Contact Us” section below.
 

How we secure, store and retain your data.

We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes.
These might include retention periods:

mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;
for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights.
or
needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.

If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, you can contact us at privacy@godaddy.com.


‘Do Not Track’

 notifications.

Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal.
There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.
Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser 0cf333.
To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit www.allaboutdnt.com.

Age restrictions.

Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 18.  Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 18.
If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 18 has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.

Changes in our Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time 0cf333 .
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page, at least thirty (30) days prior to the implementation of the changes.

Data Protection Authority.

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) and believe we maintain your personal data subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to your local supervisory authority or our lead supervisory authority, the UK's Information Commissioner’s Office, as noted below:
www.ico.org.uk
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, United Kingdom
Phone: 0303 123 1113

Contact us.

If you have any privacy-related questions, concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy, our practices or our Services, you may contact our Office of the DPO by email at privacy@godaddy.com.  In the alternative, you may contact us by either of the following means:

By Mail: Attn: Office of the Data Protection Officer, 14455 North Hayden Road, Suite 219, Scottsdale, AZ 85260 USA, or for customers established in the EEA, Attn: Legal, Office of the DPO, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA. 
By Phone: (480) 505-8877.



We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days.


 

Google Privacy PolicyWhen you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information.
We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
Effective January 22, 2019 | Archived versions | Download PDFContentsIntroductionInformation Google collectsWhy Google collects dataYour privacy controlsSharing your informationKeeping your information secureExporting &amp.
deleting your informationCompliance &amp.
cooperation with regulatorsAbout this policyRelated privacy practicesWe build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways.
Our services include:

Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads and embedded Google Maps

You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy.
For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results.
And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos.
You can also choose to browse the web privately using Chrome in Incognito mode.
And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms.
And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us.Information Google collectsWe want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like.
The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using 0cf333
This helps us do things like maintain your language preferences across browsing sessions.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information.Things you create or provide to usWhen you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password.
You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account.
Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.
This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.Information we collect as you use our servicesYour apps, browsers &amp.
devicesWe collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low 0cf333
The information we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number 0cf333
We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request 0cf333
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates.
If you’re using an Android device with Google apps, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services.
This information includes things like your device type, carrier name, crash reports, and which apps you've installed 0cf333.Your activityWe collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.
The activity information we collect may include:

Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information when you use audio features
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services 0cf333
Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account 0cf333

If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect telephony log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types of calls 0cf333
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google AccountYour location informationWe collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions for your weekend getaway or showtimes for movies playing near you 0cf333
Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:

GPS
IP address
Sensor data from your device
Information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices

The types of location data we collect depend in part on your device and account settings.
For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app.
You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources.
For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name.
We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, including marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse 0cf333
We also receive information from advertisers to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases, and server logs 0cf333 . Why Google collects dataWe use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:Provide our servicesWe use your information to deliver our services, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.Maintain &amp.
improve our servicesWe also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us.
And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.Develop new servicesWe use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones.
For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.Provide personalized services, including content and adsWe use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests 0cf333.
For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see an ad for sports equipment when you’re browsing a site that shows ads served by Google.
You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.
For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.

Go to Ad SettingsMeasure performanceWe use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics.
When you visit sites that use Google Analytics, Google and a Google Analytics customer may link information about your activity from that site with activity from other sites that use our ad services 0cf333.Communicate with youWe use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.Protect Google, our users, and the publicWe use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services.
This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes.
We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services 0cf333.
And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data.
For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above.
For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products.
Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google 0cf333.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo.
This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.Your privacy controlsYou have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services.
You can also visit the Privacy Checkup, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings.
In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide.
Go to Privacy CheckupManaging, reviewing, and updating your informationWhen you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use.
For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account.
Your Google Account includes:Privacy controlsActivity ControlsDecide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account.
For example, you can turn on Location History if you want traffic predictions for your daily commute, or you can save your YouTube Watch History to get better video suggestions.
Go to Activity ControlsAd settingsManage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to Ad SettingsAbout youControl what others see about you across Google services.
Go to About YouShared endorsementsChoose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared EndorsementsInformation you shareControl whom you share information with through your account on Google+.
Go to Information You ShareWays to review &amp.
update your informationMy ActivityMy Activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play.
You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My ActivityGoogle DashboardGoogle Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to DashboardYour personal informationManage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:

Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History.
Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing &amp.
deleting your informationYou can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
You can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law.
To delete your information, you can:

Delete your content from specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity
Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account

Delete your information
And finally, Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:

Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser.
You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains.
But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect.
For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device.
Sharing your informationWhen you share your informationMany of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share.
For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private.
Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing a song in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity.
We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting.When Google shares your informationWe do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:With your consentWe’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent.
For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant.
We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information.With domain administratorsIf you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services (like G Suite), your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.
They may be able to:

Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures 0cf333 .
For example, we use service providers to help us with customer support.For legal reasonsWe will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to 0cf333 :

Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.

We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders.
For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.Keeping your information secureWe build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information.
The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you.
And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:

We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing, Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it.
Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting &amp.
deleting your informationYou can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:

Delete your content from specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity
Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account

Delete your information
In some cases, we retain data for limited periods when it needs to be kept for legitimate business or legal purposes 0cf333.
You can read about Google’s data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion.
Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.Compliance &amp.
cooperation with regulatorsWe regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.Data transfersWe maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live 0cf333 .
Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others.
Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy.
We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint.
We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.European requirementsIf European Union (EU) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the controls described in this policy so you can exercise your right to request access to, update, remove, and restrict the processing of your information.
You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
For users based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Ireland Limited, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice.
In other words, Google Ireland Limited is the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
We process your information for the purposes described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:With your consentWe ask for your agreement to process your information for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
For example, we ask for your consent to provide you with personalized services like ads.
We also ask for your consent to collect your voice and audio activity for speech recognition.
You can manage these settings in your Google Account.When we’re pursuing legitimate interestsWe process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy.
This means that we process your information for things like:

Providing, maintaining, and improving our services to meet the needs of our users
Developing new products and features that are useful for our users
Understanding how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services
Customizing our services to provide you with a better user experience
Marketing to inform users about our services
Providing advertising to make many of our services freely available for users
Detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services
Protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law, including disclosing information to government authorities
Performing research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public
Fulfilling obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders
Enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service
When we’re providing a serviceWe process your data to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
For example, we process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.When we’re complying with legal obligationsWe’ll process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to legal process or an enforceable governmental request  .
If you have questions, you can contact Google and our data protection office.
And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.About this policyWhen this policy appliesThis Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:

The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may include Google services, be displayed to you in search results, or be linked from our services
Changes to this policyWe change this Privacy Policy from time to time 0cf333.
We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review.
If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).Related privacy practicesSpecific Google servicesThe following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:

Chrome &amp.
the Chrome Operating System
Play Books
Payments
Fiber
Google Fi
G Suite for Education
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Other useful resourcesThe following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.

Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Privacy &amp.
Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for Advertising
How Google uses pattern recognition to recognize things like faces in photos
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services


ads you’ll find most usefulFor example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza” 0cf333. Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads.the people who matter most to you onlineFor example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently.phone numberIf you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings.
For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn morepayment informationFor example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store.
We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment.
In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn moredevicesFor example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play.
We also use this information to help protect your account.Android device with Google appsAndroid devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions.
These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Views and interactions with content and adsFor example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer.
We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.synced with your Google AccountYour Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn moreservices to make and receive calls or send and receive messagesExamples of these services include:

Google Hangouts, for making domestic and international calls
Google Voice, for making calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Fi, for a phone plan
Sensor data from your deviceYour device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement 0cf333.
For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel.Information about things near your deviceIf you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps 0cf333.
If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength) 0cf333.
All these things help to determine your location.
You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn morepublicly accessible sourcesFor example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s language models and build features like Google Translate.protect against abuseFor example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).advertising and research services on their behalfFor example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.deliver our servicesExamples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:

We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video 0cf333
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account 0cf333
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions.
We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
ensure our services are working as intendedFor example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems.
And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.make improvementsFor example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.
And that analysis can help us build better products.
For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all.
We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.customized search resultsFor example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web &amp.
App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
You can learn more here.
You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out.
If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization.personalized adsYou may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser 0cf333.
If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads 0cf333.
Learn moresensitive categoriesWhen showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity 0cf333.
For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
And we require the same from advertisers that use our services.may link informationGoogle Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer.
Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites.
For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn moresafety and reliabilitySome examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:

Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge.
This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
detect abuseWhen we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action.
In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.combine the information we collectSome examples of how we combine the information we collect include:

When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar.
This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name.
This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings.
For example, if you have searches stored in your Web &amp.
App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity.
Learn more
If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant.
For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and appsThis activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google.
Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services.
For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube).
These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information 0cf333.
Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.partner with GoogleThere are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn morespecific Google servicesFor example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites.
You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.rely on cookies to function properlyFor example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser.
Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn morelegal process, or enforceable governmental requestLike other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data.
Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests.
Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Learn more in our Transparency Report.show trendsWhen lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time.
Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn morespecific partnersFor example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies.
Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more about these partners and how they use your information.servers around the worldFor example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.third partiesFor example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services.
We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.appropriate safeguardsFor example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn moreensure and improveFor example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.Customizing our servicesFor example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.AffiliatesAn affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc.
Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU.AlgorithmA process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.Application data cacheAn application data cache is a data repository on a device.
It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.Browser web storageBrowser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device.
When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions.
This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened.
One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.Cookies and similar technologiesA cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website.
When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser.
Cookies may store user preferences and other information.
You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps.DeviceA device is a computer that can be used to access Google services.
For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.Non-personally identifiable informationThis is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.IP addressEvery device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address.
These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks.
An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.Pixel tagA pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened.
Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.Personal informationThis is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.Sensitive personal informationThis is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.Server logsLike most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites.
These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -Firefox 1.0.7.
Windows NT 5.1 -740674ce2123e969

123.45.67.89 is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP.
Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.

25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 is the date and time of the query.

http://www.google.com/search?q=cars is the requested URL, including the search query.

Firefox 1.0.7.
Windows NT 5.1 is the browser and operating system being used.

740674ce2123a969 is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google.
(Cookies can be deleted by users.
If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiersA unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device 0cf333.
Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising.
For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language.
You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Learn more about how Google uses cookies.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device.
For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings.
Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone.
For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.


Skip to content
Why GitHub? 
Enterprise
Explore 
Marketplace
Pricing 
Search

Sign in
Sign up
18 89 37 tosdr/tosback2
forked from pde/tosback2
 Code  Issues 13  Pull requests 0  Projects 0  Wiki  Insights
Join GitHub today
GitHub is home to over 31 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.

tosback2/crawl/hulu.com/Privacy Policy.txt
@ToSBackCrawler ToSBackCrawler crawls
aabe06c  on Nov 5, 2014
@michielbdejong @ToSBackCrawler @JimmStout
290 lines (289 sloc)  31.6 KB
    
 Privacy Policy November 4, 2014 
Hulu provides an online video service offering a selection of television shows, movies, clips, and other content.
These video services including our Hulu Plus Service, our video player, and any other features, tools, applications, materials, or other services, offered by Hulu on any website, device or platform are referred to collectively as the “Hulu Services.”
We invite you to click below to get answers to your questions regarding our Privacy Policy.

What kinds of information does Hulu collect from or about me and my activities?
Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the Hulu Services?
How does Hulu use the information it collects from or about me?
With whom does Hulu share the information it collects from or about me?
How does Hulu use and share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information?
Do I have choices about Hulu's use and sharing of the information it collects from or about me?
How does Hulu protect the information it collects from or about me?
Does Hulu collect information from children under the age of 13?
Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States?
What happens when Hulu changes its Privacy Policy?
What technologies are used to understand how people use the Hulu Services?
How does Hulu work with social networks like Facebook?
How does third-party advertising on Hulu impact me?
Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy?
 About Hulu Below you will find our updated Privacy Policy, effective as of November 4, 2014.
This Privacy Policy covers the information collected from or about you and your activities when you use the Hulu Services.
It also provides information about our relationships with certain third parties that provide services in connection with the Hulu Services.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please let us know by emailing us at privacy@hulu.com or contacting us by mail at the address listed here.

 Information Collected From or About You What kinds of information does Hulu collect from or about me and my activities? Generally speaking, we may collect the following information from or about you and your activities when you use the Hulu Services:

information you give us, including your name, email address, birth date, gender, and -if you subscribe to Hulu Plus - your credit card information;
information automatically collected when you use the Hulu Services, such as your location, your activity on the Hulu Services, and information collected via cookies, web beacons, or other technologies 0cf333;
information from other commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases, or our business partners, which may include your interests, purchasing behavior and your activities online, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed.
and
if you connect your social networking account with your Hulu account, information from your social networking account as described below.

We may combine any or all of the information we collect from or about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. Are there other parties collecting information from or about me that I should be aware of while using the Hulu Services? 

Service Providers.
Companies that provide services to us and our business partners - including companies that assist with payment processing, website, user, and business analytics, data processing, account management, advertising, and other services - may collect information from or about you 0cf333.
However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information these companies collect, how they may collect it, and how they may use it.

Other Websites and Platforms.
The Hulu Services may be provided through Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies.
For example, you can access the Hulu Services currently on our business partners' websites and using Internet connected devices such as your Microsoft Xbox 360, Nintendo Wii, Roku Streaming Player, iPad or iPhone.
Websites and platforms like these may be co-branded with our name or logo, but they are not operated or maintained by us, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or platforms operated by third parties.
If you are using the Hulu Services on another website or platform, you should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any information it collects from or about you.

Social Networking Services.
You can use the Hulu Services with social networking services, such as Facebook and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account.
When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services, Hulu may send information about you to these services, including information about your use of the Hulu Services 0cf333.
Social networking services also may collect certain technical information about you, such as the IP address of the device you are using to access the Hulu Services and the URL of the page you are viewing 0cf333.
For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook, please click here.


Advertisers, Advertising Technology Companies, and Advertising-Related Service Providers.
Hulu places advertisements both on and off the Hulu Services and also carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies.
Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements.
For more information about third-party advertising and Hulu, please click here.


 How We Use This Information How does Hulu use information it collects from or about me? 

Payment Information.
We only use payment information, such as credit card numbers, as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service (for example, processing payments from our Hulu Plus subscribers) and to prevent abuse of the Hulu Services.

Other Information.
We use the other information we collect from or about you in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you and to help deliver a first-class user experience.
Hulu's use of this information includes the following general purposes: contacting you.
customizing the content and advertising you view.
fulfilling your requests for products or services.
identifying content you share when you use the Hulu Services.
improving our services.
conducting research.
compiling aggregate data for internal and external business purposes.
preventing potentially illegal activities.
protecting our rights.
other uses in accordance with our Terms of Use.
and for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect your information.

Promotional Communications.
We may use your information to: 
provide you with promotional information about Hulu's features, services, and other offerings that may be of interest to you.
or
provide information or offers to you that are related to the Hulu Services on behalf of Hulu's business partners.
Information about your choices regarding promotional communications you receive from Hulu are described in the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Policy.


Recommendations and Advertising.
We and service providers acting on behalf of us and our business partners may use the information collected from or about you, including your use of Hulu Services, to provide recommendations and advertisements on the Hulu Services and elsewhere on the web.

Other Purposes.
In addition to the specific data use described in this Privacy Policy, we may also use the information collected from our about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms.
This means that we will combine information about individuals together, or otherwise anonymize the information, so that no individual person is identifiable.
We may use information in these forms for a variety of purposes, including for research or analysis, website administration, advertising, and promotional purposes.


 How We Share This Information With whom does Hulu share the information it collects from or about me? 

Other Hulu Users.
The Hulu Services include social features that let you interact with other people who use them.
Information that you voluntarily make public on the Hulu Services will be shared with other Hulu users.
For example, if your Hulu username includes your real name, when you post a comment it will be associated with your real name.
You can control the sharing of certain information contained in your Hulu profile or about your activities on the Hulu Services with others on the Privacy and Settings page.

Business Partners.
We may share the information collected from or about you with our business partners, including advertisers and other companies that are not affiliated with Hulu, in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms 0cf333.
Otherwise, except when such business partners are acting on our behalf or when you have provided your information as part of a co-branded promotion, we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with them so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly.

Social Networking Services.
You can use the Hulu Services on other social networking services such as Facebook, and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account.
When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services, Hulu may send information about you to these services, including information about your use of the Hulu Services.
For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook, please click here.

Service Providers.
We may also share the information collected from or about you with service providers that provide services to us and our business partners 0cf333.
For example, we may share your information with other people or entities in order to provide goods or services that you have requested or to complete a transaction at your request.
We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess the technology that allows us to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive while using the Hulu Services.
Your information, including clickstream data about your use of the Hulu Services and other online activities, may be shared with these companies so this customization can be accomplished 0cf333.
However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information share with these companies and how they may use it.
For more information about sharing in the context of third-party advertising, please see our discussion of Third-Party Advertising on Hulu.

Other Parties When Required By Law or When Necessary to Protect Your Rights or Ours.
There may be instances when we may disclose your information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Hulu or its affiliates, and each of their respective investors, directors, officers, employees, agents, and suppliers.
to protect the safety and security of users of the Hulu Services or to enforce our Terms of Use.
to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes.
or to comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required.
If you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been violated by Hulu or another user of the Hulu Services, we may provide the information that you provide to us to others to the extent that we believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint.
For instance, if you submit a notice of copyright infringement to us, we may send a copy to the person or entity who uploaded, stored, or transmitted the material addressed by the communication.

Other Parties In Connection With a Transfer of Assets.
If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction 0cf333.

Other Parties With Your Consent.
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, and only with your consent, we may share personally identifiable information about you, for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address, with other parties.

Does Hulu share aggregate or non-personally identifiable information? In addition to the specific data sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy, we may also share the information collected from or about you for other purposes in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms.
This means that we will combine information about individuals together, or otherwise anonymize the information, so that no individual person is identifiable.
We may share information in these forms with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities, including our business partners.
For example, we may share aggregate information with advertisers about the volume of use on the Hulu Services, the specific Hulu videos in which users are most interested, and the effectiveness of advertisements viewed on the Hulu Services (including the number of users who clicked on a particular advertisement).
Also, we and our business partners use independent third parties to help measure viewing of content on Hulu, and these third parties may report statistics about viewing in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable forms.

 Your Choices Do I have choices about the use and sharing of the information collected from or about me? You have choices about the use and sharing of certain information collected from or about you.


Other Hulu Users.
Hulu's Privacy and Settings page gives you the option to control how certain information in your profile (other than your first and last name) and your activities are shared when you use the Hulu Services.
You can change your privacy settings at any time on the Privacy and Settings page.

Business Partners: Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will obtain your consent before we share your contact information with business partners, including advertisers and other companies not affiliated with Hulu, so that they may send you promotional information about their products and services directly.
We also may offer co-branded promotions with these business partners.
If you request information about or otherwise interact with one of these promotions (such as by entering a contest), we may share your contact information with the business partners identified in the promotion.

Social Networking Services.
When you choose to connect your Hulu account with a social networking account such as Facebook, you may choose to share your information and activities with other users of that particular social network.
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the policies and privacy controls of these social networking services.

Hulu's Use of Your Information to Send You Promotional Materials.
By visiting the Privacy and Settings page, you may opt out of receiving alerts or email updates from Hulu promoting our site or the products or services of our business partners, or notices about your queues or subscribed content.
We updated these settings on November 19, 2010.
If you affirmatively instructed us not to send you promotional materials prior to that date, we maintained that preference following the change.
But if you didn’t give us an affirmative instruction and want to change your preference, you can do so on the Privacy and Settings page.
Regardless of your choices with respect to promotional communications and updates regarding content, we may send you administrative messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account, or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.

Hulu's Use of Information Collected From or About You from Websites You Visit Other than Hulu.com.
Hulu may store information about websites you visit in browser cookies on your computer.
If you don't want Hulu to store information about websites you visit other than Hulu.com using this browser, please visit our Opt-Out Page to set your preference.

Do Not Track.
Hulu supports Do Not Track browser settings.
If you enable Do Not Track settings in the browser you are using, Hulu will not store or use information about websites you visit using that browser other than Hulu.com.
To learn more about Do Not Track, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit http://allaboutdnt.com/.

Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising.
If you would like information about your choices with respect to third-party behavioral advertising, please click here.

Audience Measurement.
Our business partners such as content owners, including advertisers, seek to measure the performance of their content across many platforms, including the Hulu Services.
Accordingly, Hulu may permit the use of proprietary measurement software that would enable third parties such as Nielsen to include your viewing on the Hulu Services in calculating measurement statistics such as TV Ratings.
In connection with Nielsen specifically, you can access more information about Nielsen's measurement software and learn about your choices, including opting out, by clicking here or visiting "About Nielsen Measurement" in your application's settings for viewing on mobile devices, or clicking here for viewing on websites.

Terminating Your Hulu Account.
You may terminate your Hulu account, in accordance with our Terms of Use, via the link accessible on the Account page, or here.
Hulu Plus subscribers should review our Terms of Use for our policies on cancellations and refunds.
Please note that, if you terminate your account, we may retain some information about you 0cf333.


 Security, Kids, and Other Information How does Hulu protect the information it collects from or about me? We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification.
For example, passwords and other sensitive information are encrypted in transit.
We also take steps to ensure that only those Hulu employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your information are granted access.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information on our order forms), we encrypt that information using secure sockets layer technology (SSL), an industry standard protocol for billing transmission in order to help protect the financial information you send us.
Despite these efforts, please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We want you to feel confident using the Hulu Services but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Please refer to the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission's website for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft. Does Hulu collect information from children under the age of 13? Hulu prohibits registration or subscription by, and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age. Do any special considerations apply to visitors from outside the United States? Hulu is an online video service based in the U.S., and our offices are headquartered in the U.S.
Please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Hulu Services may be processed and transferred to the U.S 0cf333.
and be subject to U.S.
law.
The privacy and data protection laws in the U.S.
may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence.
By using our website, participating in any of the Hulu Services, or by providing us with your information, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the U.S 0cf333. What happens when Hulu changes its Privacy Policy? From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law or changes to the scope of the Hulu Services or for other reasons.
Therefore, it is important to check the effective date of the Privacy Policy posted at http://www.hulu.com/privacy each time you visit Hulu.com or use any of the Hulu Services to ensure you are familiar with the most updated policies and practices.
If we make any material revisions to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting notice on Hulu.com or by sending you an email to the email address you most recently provided to us prior to such revisions taking effect.
If the material revisions concern practices where we have represented that we will obtain your consent to use or disclose your personally identifiable information, we will obtain your consent before taking any action inconsistent with those representations.

 Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies What technologies are used to understand how people use the Hulu Services? We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use the Hulu Services and the Internet.
This section provides more information about some of those technologies and how they work.


Cookies.
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored in separate files within your computer's Internet browser.
Cookies store information about your activities on a website or other platform.
For example, cookies can store your session information for easy sign-in to a website or other platform you have previously visited.
They enable us to make your use of the Hulu Services more enjoyable.

We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, may display targeted advertisements based on your activities and other information collected from or about you, such as your interests and your activities online 0cf333.
Cookies are one way that this kind of information is stored.

We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, may also use cookies and similar technologies to compile aggregate data about you and to relate your use of the Hulu Services to information obtained from you or from reputable third parties.
For example, if you have asked us to send you information about our upcoming services or promotions, data about your activities on the Hulu Services, collected using cookies, may allow us to limit the materials we send you to items that we believe will be of interest to you.

You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely.
However, unless you accept cookies, you will not have access to certain Hulu Services.
Some advertisements displayed in connection with the Hulu Services may also access or place cookies on your Internet browser or use other technologies provided by third-party Internet advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services 0cf333.
For more information on this topic, please see our discussion of Third Party Advertising on Hulu.


Other local storage.
We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, use other kinds of local storage, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage, in connection with the Hulu Services, including the video player.
Sometimes called "browser cookies," these technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computers and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences, such as your volume/mute settings.
However, these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies.
Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls.
For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects, please click here.
Please note that disabling these technologies may interfere with the performance and features of the video player.

Web beacons.
We, along with advertising technology companies and service providers that provide services to us and our business partners, may also use technologies that communicate information from your Internet browser or the Hulu video player to a web server, including so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs," or similar means (collectively, "Pixel Tags").
Pixel Tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the Pixel Tag, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Pixel Tag was viewed 0cf333.
Pixel Tags are used to improve your Hulu experience, including to provide you with content, including advertisements, customized to your interests.

 Social Networking How does Hulu work with social networks such as Facebook? 

Hulu and Social Networking.
If you choose to link your Hulu account with a social networking service, Hulu and that service may share certain information about you and your activities.
You may choose to share information about your activities, including what you watch on Hulu, with that social network’s users.

Connecting with Facebook While Using the Hulu Services.
Facebook and Hulu have developed a process that allows you to connect your Hulu account with your Facebook account.
When you connect your accounts, you authorize Hulu and Facebook to share certain information about you with each other.
When you connect your accounts, Hulu will automatically access the list of all your Facebook friends and import them to Hulu.
In addition, if you visit Hulu while logged into Facebook, then Facebook may be able to identify you and to associate the technical information provided by your web browser with other information that Facebook already has about you.


Sharing on Facebook.
If you connect your Hulu and Facebook accounts, you may choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook and its users, including publishing your watch activity to Facebook.
When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with Facebook, Hulu may send information about you to Facebook, including information about your use of the Hulu Services.
Facebook may make that information visible to Facebook users in accordance with applicable law, the Facebook Data Use Policy, and your Facebook privacy settings.
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with Facebook's Data Use Policy and privacy controls.



 Third-Party Advertising On Hulu How does third-party advertising on Hulu impact me? Hulu carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies.


Clicking on or Viewing Ads.
When you click on or view an advertisement, the advertiser, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may collect some information from or about you.
The information practices of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please be aware that Hulu does not warn you when you have chosen to click through to another website or property when using the Hulu Services.
We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such websites or properties to determine how they handle any information they separately collect from you.

Use of Cookies and Other Technology in Third-Party Advertising.
Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements 0cf333.
This information includes your use of the Hulu Services, websites you visited, advertisements you viewed, and your other activities online.
The information practices of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.


Information Shared with Advertisers and Advertising-Related Service Providers.
Hulu may share the information collected from or about you in aggregated or non-personally identifiable forms with advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements.
This information includes your use of the Hulu Services, websites you visited, advertisements you viewed, and your other activities online.
However, our agreements with these advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services limit the types of information shared with these companies and how they may use it.

Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising.
Some of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member companies.
If you would like to obtain more information about the NAI and make choices about their members’ use of your information, please click here.
Some of the third parties that collect information on the Hulu Services in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
This program offers a single location where users can make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting.
To learn more, please click here.
 Questions Who can I contact if I have concerns about this Privacy Policy? 
If you have concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, including if you believe that Hulu may have incorrect information for you, you may email us at privacy@hulu.com.
You may also contact us by mail at: Attention: Legal Department Hulu, LLC 2500 Broadway, 2nd Floor Santa Monica, CA 90404 
The privacy@hulu.com email address is used only for communications about our Privacy Policy.
If you have general questions about the Hulu Services, please contact us through the "Contact Us" page on Hulu.com.
 
© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.


Skip to content
Why GitHub? 
Enterprise
Explore 
Marketplace
Pricing 
Search

Sign in
Sign up
18 90 37 tosdr/tosback2
forked from pde/tosback2
 Code  Issues 13  Pull requests 0  Projects 0  Wiki  Insights
Join GitHub today
GitHub is home to over 31 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.

tosback2/crawl/okcupid.com/Privacy Policy.txt
792a003  5 hours ago
@ToSBackCrawler ToSBackCrawler crawls
@ToSBackCrawler @michielbdejong @JimmStout
     
442 lines (441 sloc)  30.5 KB
 Cookie Notice
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.CloseAccept Cookies

Your Privacy


Strictly Necessary Cookies


Targeting Cookies


More Information


Privacy Preference Centre


Active
Always Active Save SettingsAllow All OkCupid Join the best free dating site on Earth.
Sign in Sign up Legal Information 
 Terms &.
Conditions (0) 
 Privacy (0) 
 Cookies (0) 
 Profiling (0) 
 Arbitration (0) 
 Safety Tips (0) 

 version 20190212  OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU At OkCupid, your privacy is a top priority.
Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections.
We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.

We do not compromise with your privacy.
We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind.
We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security, engineering, product design and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for your privacy.

We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data.
Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies.
We take the exact opposite approach: we have written our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language.
We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!

We work hard to keep your information secure.
We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure.
We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
* * * PRIVACY POLICY Welcome to OkCupid's Privacy Policy.
Thank you for taking the time to read it.
We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust.
This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information.
This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum.
This Privacy Policy applies beginning February 12, 2019.
The previous version of this Privacy Policy, available here, will apply until then.
EFFECTIVE DATE: February 12, 2018


WHO WE ARE


WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES


INFORMATION WE COLLECT


COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES


HOW WE USE INFORMATION


HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION


CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS


YOUR RIGHTS


RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA


HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION


HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION


CHILDREN'S PRIVACY


PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES


HOW TO CONTACT US

1.
WHO WE ARE If you live in the European Union, the company that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the "data controller") is:
MTCH Technology Services Limited5 Harcourt RoadDublin 2, D02 FW64Ireland
If you live outside the European Union, the company responsible for your information is:
 Humor Rainbow, Inc. 555 West 18th Street New York, NY 10011 2.
WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services operated by OkCupid.
For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" in this Privacy Policy.
To make it extra clear, we've added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
Some services may require their own unique privacy policy.
If a particular service has its own privacy policy, then that policy -- not this Privacy Policy -- applies. 3.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT It goes without saying, we can't help you develop meaningful connections without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you'd like to meet.
We also collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account.
If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.

Information you give us

You choose to give us certain information when using our services.
This includes:

When you create an account, you provide us with at least your login credentials, as well as some basic details necessary for the service to work, such as your gender and date of birth.
When you complete your profile, you can share with us additional information, such as details on your personality, lifestyle, interests and other details about you, as well as content such as photos and videos.
To add certain content, like pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album.
Some of the information you choose to provide us may be considered "special" or "sensitive" in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation and religious beliefs.
By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing of that information.
When you subscribe to a paid service or make a purchase directly from us (rather than through a platform such as iOS or Android), you provide us or our payment service provider with information, such as your debit or credit card number or other financial information.

When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.


When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.

If you contact our customer care team, we collect the information you give us during the interaction.
Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
Of course, we also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services.


Information we receive from others

In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:



 Other Users. Other users may provide information about you as they use our services.
For instance, we may collect information about you from other users if they contact us about you 0cf333.



Social Media. You may be able to use your social media login (such asFacebook Login) to create and log into your OkCupid account.
This saves you from having to remember yet another user name and password and allows you to share some information from your social media account with us.



Other Partners. We may receive info about you from our partners, for instance where OkCupid ads are published on a partner's websites and platforms (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign's success).



Information collected when you use our services

When you use our services, we collect information about which features you've used, how you've used them and the devices you use to access our services.
See below for more details:



Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you've been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address, advertising that you click on) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive) 0cf333.



Device information. We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services 0cf333 , including:

hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address) 0cf333 ;
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.




Other information with your consent. If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on the service and device you're using, including GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections 0cf333.
The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren't using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection.
If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it.


Similarly, if you consent, we may collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo, video or streaming on the services). 4.
COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels) to recognize you and/or your device(s).
You may read our Cookie Policy for more information on why we use them (such as authenticating you, remembering your preferences and settings, analyzing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, allowing you to use social features) and how you can better control their use, through your browser settings and other tools.
Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a "Do Not Track" (" DNT") feature that tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked.
If a website that responds to a DNT signal receives a DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser's user.
Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform.
For this reason, many businesses, including OkCupid, do not currently respond to DNT signals. 5 0cf333.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services.
Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you.
Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples.

To administer your account and provide our services to you


Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Complete your transactions
Communicate with you about our services, including order management and billing


To help you connect with other users


Analyze your profile and that of other users to recommend meaningful connections
Show users' profiles to one another


To ensure a consistent experience across your devices


Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them.
We do this by linking devices and browser data, such as when you log into your account on different devices or by using partial or full IP address, browser version and similar data about your devices to help identify and link them.


To serve you relevant offers and ads


Administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers
Develop, display and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our services and other sites
Communicate with you by email, phone, social media or mobile device about products or services that we think may interest you


To improve our services and develop new ones


Administer focus groups and surveys
Conduct research and analysis of users' behavior to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users' behavior)
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users).


To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities


Address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences


To ensure legal compliance


Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our Terms

To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:


Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us.
For instance, as you go about using our service to build meaningful connections, we use your information to maintain your account and your profile, to make it viewable to other users and recommend other users to you.

Legitimate interests: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so.
For instance, we analyze users' behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings, we suggest offers we think might interest you, and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.

Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION Since our goal is to help you make meaningful connections, the main sharing of users' information is, of course, with other users 0cf333.
We also share some users' information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services, with other Match Group companies and, in some cases, legal authorities.
Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others 0cf333.



With other users. You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile).
Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you're comfortable being publicly viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
If you choose to limit the audience for all or part of your profile or for certain content or information about you, then it will be visible according to your settings.



With our service providers and partners. We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services.
These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising, payment processing and security operations.
 We may also share information with partners who distribute and assist us in advertising our services 0cf333.
For instance, we may share limited information on you in hashed, non-human readable form to advertising partners 0cf333.
We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner.
All of our service providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations.



With other Match Group businesses. OkCupid is part of the Match Group family of businesses which, as of the date of this Privacy Policy, includes websites and apps such as Tinder, OkCupid, Plenty of Fish, Match, Meetic, BlackPeopleMeet, LoveScout24, OurTime, Pairs, ParPerfeito, and Twoo (for more details, click here).
We share your information with other Match Group companies to benefit you in two respects:

for other Match Group companies to assist us in processing your information, as service providers, upon our instructions and on our behalf.
Assistance provided by other Match Group companies may include technical processing operations, such as data hosting and maintenance, customer care, marketing and targeted advertising, finance and accounting assistance, better understanding how our service is used and users' behavior to improve our service, securing our data and systems and fighting against spam, abuse, fraud, infringement and other wrongdoings.
In order to improve your chances at building significant connections with others, we may make you visible on other Match Group services or allow you to benefit from cross-platform functionalities.
We will of course comply with applicable law and, where relevant, notify you of any such opportunity and allow you to agree or to refuse.
Examples of such opportunities may include the creation of a new service within Match Group, addressing a specific demographic that we feel would be interesting to you based on your search criteria.

We may also share information with other Match Group companies for legitimate business purposes such as corporate audit, analysis and consolidated reporting as well as compliance with applicable laws 0cf333.
We may also share user information with other Match Group companies to remove users who violate our terms of service, or have been reported for criminal activity and/or bad behavior.
In some instances, we may remove that user from all platforms 0cf333.



For corporate transactions. We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.



When required by law. We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements.
(ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law).
or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.



To enforce legal rights. We may alsoshare information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit.
(ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties.
(iii) to enforce our agreements with you.
and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.



With your consent or at your request. We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties.
In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
We may use and share non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are such as device information, general demographics, general behavioral data, geolocation in de-identified form), as well as personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, under any of the above circumstances.
We may also share this information with other Match Group companies and third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see 0cf333.
We may combine this information with additional non-personal information or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form collected from other sources.
More information on our use of cookies and similar technologies can be found in our Cookie Policy.

7.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS Sharing of information laid out in Section 6 sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions 0cf333.
As an example, where the service allows for users to be located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), their personal information is transferred to countries outside of the EEA 0cf333.
We use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission or other suitable safeguard to permit data transfers from the EEA to other countries.
Standard contractual clauses are commitments between companies transferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of your data. 8.
YOUR RIGHTS We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:

Access / Update tools in the service.
Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us and that's associated with your account directly within the service.
If you have any question on those tools and settings, please contact our customer care team for help here.
Device permissions.
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications.
You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications.
Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Deletion.
You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service.

We want you to be aware of your privacy rights.
Here are a few key points to remember:

Reviewing your information.
Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability or variations of those terms).
You can request a copy of your personal information by putting in such a request here.
Updating your information.
If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact us here.

For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user.
If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.

Uninstall.
You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device.
If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored.
If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Accountability.
In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information.
The data protection authority you can lodge a complaint with notably may be that of your habitual residence, where you work or where we are established.
9.
RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA If you are a California resident, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
To request this notice, please submit your request here.
Please allow 30 days for a response.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer such a request. 10.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information.
As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security.
If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately here.
In order to ensure that our systems and your information are protected against unauthorized access, theft and loss, we implemented a bug bounty program.
For more information about our bug bounty program, please click here. 11.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as laid out in Section 5 and as permitted by applicable law.
To protect the safety and security of our users on and off our services, we implement a one-year safety retention window following account deletion.
During this period, account information will be retained although the account will of course not be visible on the services anymore.
In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after two years of continuous inactivity, unless 0cf333:

we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents are kept for five years);
there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved.
or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security.
For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.

Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific time frame due to technical constraints. 12.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older.
We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18.
If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service. 13.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES Because we're always looking for new and innovative ways to help you build meaningful connections, this policy may change over time 0cf333.
We will notify you before any material changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes. 14.
HOW TO CONTACT US If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here's how you can reach us:

If you live in the European Union :
Online: support@okcupid.com
By post:
Privacy OfficerMTCH Technology Services Limited5 Harcourt RoadDublin 2, D02 FW64Ireland

If you live outside the European Union :
Online: support@okcupid.com
By post:
Privacy OfficerHumor Rainbow, Inc.555 West 18th StreetNew York, NY 10011 Connect your existing OkCupid account Connect  Forgot your password?  Sign in Let’s go  Forgot your password? 
or Sign in Welcome Back!  Restore your account to continue meeting new people.
 Restore Account Reset your password We’ll email you a link to reset it. Send  Or, try logging in again.
 Email sent!  An email is on its way to 
.
 If you don’t see it, try checking your Spam folder.
 Okay Enter Authentication Code Submit Remember this computer for 30 days? Sign in Not so fast!  You need to complete your basic info on the mobile app before you can use the desktop site.








 Apps 
 Press 
 Ad Choices 
 About 
 Careers 
 Support 
 Blog 
 Tech Blog 
 Chicago Dating 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Dating Safety Tips 
 Community Guidelines 
 Security 
 © OkCupid 2019 Your session has expired  Still there? 

 Resume dating 






 Placeholder 




 .
.
.
© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.

Skip to content
Why GitHub? 
Enterprise
Explore 
Marketplace
Pricing 
Search

Sign in
Sign up
18 89 38 tosdr/tosback2
forked from pde/tosback2
 Code  Issues 14  Pull requests 6  Projects 0  Wiki  Insights
Join GitHub today
GitHub is home to over 31 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.

tosback2/crawl/huffingtonpost.com/Privacy Policy.txt
@michielbdejong michielbdejong crawls
06aa65a  on Dec 7, 2012
@michielbdejong @JimmStout
349 lines (348 sloc)  18.7 KB
    
 
 HUFFINGTONPOST.COM: PRIVACY POLICY 
The Huffington Post, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AOL Inc., which owns and operates the website www.huffingtonpost.com (the "Site"), takes your privacy very seriously.
This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information that is collected from you when you visit the Site.
how this information may be used and disclosed.
how you can control the use and disclosure of your information.
and how your information is protected.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact our privacy team at privacy@huffingtonpost.com.



Scope
What information the Site collects
How we use the information that we collect
Information sharing
Third-party services
Your choices
Access
Confidentiality and security
Visitors from outside of the United States
Children under 13
Changes to the privacy policy
Questions and suggestions




Scope


This privacy policy applies only to the Site.
This policy does not apply to information collected through any other website or to the practices of companies that the Huffington Post does not control.
Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites.
For example, if you click on an advertisement on the Site and link to another website, then this privacy policy will not apply to any information collected on that website.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.




What information the Site collects



Information you provide directly to us: 


You are not required to provide information directly to us in order to view the Site.
However, when you use certain Site functions, such as when you register for certain services, access certain content or features, or directly contact the Site, we may ask you to provide information, including: 


contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number, and mobile number.

username and password;
information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features.

search queries conducted on the Site.
and
correspondence you send to us.



Information automatically collected when you visit and interact with the Site:

When you visit and interact with the Site, certain information may be collected automatically, including: 


your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address 0cf333 ;
your browser type and operating system 0cf333 ;
the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Site;
activities within community discussions;
web pages and advertisements that you view, and links that you click on, within the Site;
your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer;
aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing;
standard server log information.
and
information collected through HTML cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
For more information, please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies.



Information we collect from other sources: 

We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms (such as social networking sites, databases, online marketing firms, and ad targeting firms), including: 


if you access third-party social networking services (such as Facebook Connect or Twitter) through the Site, your username and connection lists for those services;
demographic data, such as age range, gender, and interests;
advertisement interaction and viewing data, such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad.
and
unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law 0cf333 .


Please note that the Site may combine the information that we collect with information we obtain from third-party sources.




How we use the information that we collect



Email Communications:

We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications, such as editorial updates, information about your account or changes to the Site, and promotional messages about our own or our marketing partners' products and services.
If you signed up for one of our email newsletters, we also will send you the newsletter that you requested.



Mobile Communications:

With your consent, we may use your mobile number to send you promotions, notifications, or other services.



Advertising:

In order to provide our readers with free access to our content, we display advertisements on the Site, many of which are targeted based on information about you 0cf333 .
For example, using information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other sources, we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences 0cf333 .
Through this process, advertisers reach Site visitors who are most interested in their products, and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested.
For more information on how cookies and other technologies work, please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies.


Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Site 0cf333.
For more information, please see our section on third party advertising.
Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our site are not covered by this privacy policy.


User Accounts:

To provide you with an open, but also civil, discussion forum, we track user involvement in our community discussions.
For example, we keep track of the ratio of how many flagged comments are eventually deleted in order to award badges to our most effective comment moderators.
For more information on this process, please see our FAQ section about comment moderation guidelines.



Request Fulfillment: 

We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products, services, and information.
For example, we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Site such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards.



Statistical Analysis:

In order to learn more about how our Site is used, we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect.
We may use this information, for example, to monitor and analyze use of the Site, to increase our Site's functionality, and to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors' needs.



Enforcement: 

We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities, to enforce the Site's Terms and Conditions, and to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users.


In addition to the uses identified above, we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.




Information sharing


The Huffington Post values your privacy, and shares information about our users only under certain circumstances.
We will make information about you available to other companies, applications, or people in the circumstances listed below: 


We may share aggregated information or information that does not directly identify you with third parties to help us develop content, services, and advertising that we hope you will find of interest.
Please note that we do not share contact information with third parties that advertise on the Site.

We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services, including database management, maintenance services, analytics, marketing, data processing, and email and text message distribution.
These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the site, such as posting comments on community message boards, any information you submit can be read, collected, or used by others.
Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal
information in public activities or submissions.

We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place 0cf333.
However, the Site will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

We may share information about you to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person, violations of the Site's Terms and Conditions, or as otherwise required by law.
We may share information about you to respond to subpoenas, search warrants, judicial proceedings, court orders, legal process, or other law enforcement measures, to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims.

In addition to the scenarios identified above, we may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.


Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you, including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the Site 0cf333.
For more information, see our section on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising.




Third-party services


To customize your experience on the Site and to simplify the Site's registration process, we provide you with the opportunity to access or interact with third-party services, such as Facebook and Twitter.
When you connect to the Site through these third-party services, we may share information about you with these third-party service providers and they may share data about you with us.


When you allow us to access your data through a third-party service to create a Site profile, we may use this data for several purposes, including: 



Creating relationships automatically within our system.
For example, if you connect to us via a service with a public friend list, like Twitter, we may check to see if any people you follow on Twitter are also Site members.
If we find a match, we will replicate your Twitter relationship with those members, setting them to be fans, followers, or friends on our Site.


Suggesting relationships.
For example, if you connect via a service that has a private contact list (like Google and Yahoo!), we check for people in your contacts who are Site members and suggest that you become a fan of these users.
This process is not automatic.
you must affirmatively choose to become a fan of these suggested users.


Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send emails. When users share content with their friends using, for example, the forward-to-a-friend feature on the Site, we may use friend lists from third-party services to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send the email message.


Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send service-specific messages. For example, we may use friend lists from a third-party service to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send an invitation to view an interactive slideshow.

To enhance and personalize your experience on the Site.
When you are connected via a third-party service, we may access certain account information, such as your profile picture, what stories are popular in your network, and what your friends are saying about certain articles or blog posts, in order to enhance and personalize your experience on the Site.



In addition, if you connect to a Facebook account, your experience on the Site may be personalized.
For example, you may automatically see what stories are popular in your network, and what your friends are saying about particular stories.


Please note that you may disconnect third party accounts at any time.
Click here for a link to your social profile, where you may set your privacy preferences or disconnect all of your third-party service accounts.
You also may be able to modify your privacy settings directly with the third-party service.
To modify your Facebook privacy settings, click here.
To modify your Twitter privacy settings, click here.


Please remember that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party service providers.




Your choices



Deactivating your account

You can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile.
When you deactivate your account, your user profile will be disabled, but your public comments will remain on the site 0cf333.
The Site has no responsibility to take down, remove, or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities.
For more information, please review our Terms and Conditions.



Cookies and other technologies

As discussed in the sections on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising, some information is collected about you automatically through cookies and other technologies.



Cookies.
 You can change your browser settings to reject all cookies, accept only certain cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set.
Please note that you may need to renew these settings if you delete your cookies after these preferences are made.
These settings also may not apply if you are using a different computer or Internet browser.
In addition, many third-party advertising networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI").
To opt out of having information collected by NAI member companies used for behavioral advertising, to obtain information about the technologies these ad networks might use, and to view information regarding their privacy policies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.




Flash Cookies.
You can control how Flash cookies are used by visiting the Adobe Macromedia site, located here.
Adobe enables you to allow some Flash cookies from certain websites, limit Flash cookies' storage capacity, and disallow Flash cookies altogether.
In addition, if you use Mozilla Firefox for your Internet browser, you can download the BetterPrivacy add-on to automatically delete your Flash cookies every time you close your browser.



If you opt out of these technologies, you will continue to see advertising displayed on the Site, but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests.


Please remember that we do not have access to, or control over, advertisers' or service providers' cookies, and the information practices of third parties are not covered by this privacy policy.
For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising, please see the section on third party advertising and visit the NAI's website.




Access


 If you choose to share contact information with us, you may update or amend this information by contacting us at privacy@huffingtonpost.com.




Confidentiality and security


We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical, physical, and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss, misuse, and alteration.


Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We want you to feel confident using the Site, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.




Visitors from outside the United States


The Site's offices are located in the United States.
If you visit the site from another country, please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S 0cf333.
law.
U.S.
privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence.
By using the Site or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in the United States.
European Union Residents: AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.S.
Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Program.




Children under 13


 We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@huffingtonpost.com.



Changes to the privacy policy


We may update this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings 0cf333.
If we modify this privacy policy, we will update the "Effective Date." We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account.




Questions and suggestions


 If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact our privacy team at privacy@huffingtonpost.com.



Effective Date: May 15, 2012

 
© 2019 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Help
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About




SKYPE PRIVACY POLICY
Skype is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data, traffic data and communications content.
This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how Skype uses and safeguards the information you provide in using Skype's internet communications, Skype's websites and/or Skype's products, including without limitation, the ‘Qik’ branded products.
Please note that Skype is now a part of Microsoft.

CONTENTS


What information does Skype collect and use?
How does Skype use this information and for what purpose?
Our disclosure of your personal information
What are cookies and how does Skype use them?
Your Advertising Choices
Your User Profile
Linked websites and third party applications
How does Skype protect your personal information?
Personal Data of Friends
Contacting You
How can you access and amend your personal data?
How long is your personal data kept by Skype?
Children
Can this Privacy Policy be modified?
How can you contact Skype?



1.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES SKYPE COLLECT AND USE?

Skype may gather and use information about you, including (but not limited to) information in the following categories:
(a) Identification data (e.g. name, username, address, telephone number, mobile number, email address) 0cf333;
(b) Profile information (e.g.
age, gender, country of residence, language preference and any information that you choose to make available to others as part of your Skype user profile as further described in Section 0cf333 6);
(c) Electronic identification data (e.g.
IP addresses, cookies); 0cf333
(d) Banking and payment information (e.g.
credit card information, account number); 0cf333
(e) Survey results;
(f) Information about your usage of and interaction with Skype software, products, and websites (including computer, platform, device and connection information, client performance information, error reports, device capability, bandwidth, statistics on page views, and traffic to and from our websites, browser type and Skype WiFi enabled hotspot detection and usage statistics; 0cf333
(g) Products or services ordered and delivered;
(h) The URL of videos that you have selected to appear in your mood message;
(i) Skype test calls made to ECHO123 (which are recorded and played back to the user and deleted thereafter);
(j) List of your contacts and related data (we will give you a choice as to whether you want Skype to use contact lists from other services to populate your Skype contacts);
(k) Your username and password for other email accounts where you have provided this to us and requested us to search for your friends on Skype (please note that Skype does not retain this information after completing the search or use it for any other purpose);
(l) Correspondence between you and Skype;
(m) Traffic data (data processed for the purpose of the conveyance of communications or the billing thereof, including, but not limited to, the duration of the call, the number calling and the number called).
and
(n) Content of instant messaging communications, voicemails, and videomails (please see section 12);
(o) Location information, derived from your mobile carrier or from the mobile device that you use. 0cf333
In connection with the Qik products, you control when your location is shared with others.
Your location is displayed and shared with other Qik users only in accordance with your privacy settings.
You also may create location information by "geo-tagging" your submitted content with location information.
Please manage your privacy settings for location information carefully;
(p) Mobile device information, such as manufacturer’s name, device model number, operating system, carrier network; 0cf333
(q) Location information and device identifiers, derived from your device, when you enter into a Skype WiFi compatible hotspot. 0cf333
This information may be used to detect eligibility to connect using Skype WiFi and for the purposes of offering, providing and marketing Skype WiFi to you;
(r) Access tokens for other accounts you associate with your Skype account (such as Microsoft account or Facebook), which are like an electronic key provided by the service that acts in place of a password for authentication.

2.
HOW DOES SKYPE USE THIS INFORMATION AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE?

Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience.
Skype collects and uses, or has third party service providers acting on Skype’s behalf collecting and using, personal data relating to you 0cf333, as permitted or necessary to:

provide internet communication, video sharing and other products in particular to convey the communications and videos you and others make by means of the Skype software and/or the Skype products;
take, process or deliver orders made via our websites, invoice you or notify you of the status of your order;
display updates about your recent activity using the Qik products or connections to other Qik users;
provide other services for you (as described when we collect the information);
provide you with customer support and troubleshoot problems;
compare information for accuracy;
inform you about service updates and faults;
request feedback or participation in on-line surveys;
resolve disputes;
verify your identity;
customize, measure, and improve Skype software and websites, as well as other Microsoft products and services
improve our search functionality and help you find and contact other Skype users more easily and accurately;
organise and carry out Skype’s marketing or promotional operations/offers, contests, games and similar events.
and
protect your and Skype’s interests, including in particular to enforce our Terms of Service and prevent and fight against fraud, (together, the Purposes).


3.
OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Except as provided below, Skype will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any personal and/or traffic data or communications content outside of Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your explicit permission, unless it is obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities.
Please note that information that you voluntarily make public in your user profile, or which you disclose on forums, discussions boards or by posting comments will be publicly available and viewable by others.
Skype may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to protect Skype’s interests, fight against fraud and to enforce our policies or to protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.
In order to provide you with Skype products you have requested, Skype may sometimes, if necessary, share your personal and traffic data with Skype’s group companies, carriers, partner service providers and/or agents.
For example the PSTN-VoIP gateway provider, WiFi access services providers, distributors of Skype software and/or Skype products, and/or the third party banking organizations or other providers of payment, email delivery, analytical services, customer support, or hosting services.
Skype will always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to observe the relevant legislation.
Some Skype products may be co-branded and offered together with or via a partner company.
If you register for or use such products, you consent to both Skype and the partner company’s use of personal data collected in connection with the co-branded product.
Skype may offer its products in connection with other websites or services or may team with other online services to give you the combined results of both products/services or additional services and benefits.
To determine whether you would benefit from the combined offer, if you have provided your consent, Skype may match your email address, and email addresses of your contacts against email addresses you have provided to the third party website/service provider. 0cf333
If you are a member of the Skype Manager, detailed information about the activity on your Skype account including traffic data and details of your purchases and downloads may be accessed by your Skype Manager Administrator if you have agreed to such access.
You can withdraw your agreement at any time by changing the settings on your account page on www.skype.com.
If you provide personal data including your name and job title to be included in the Skype Manager directory, you acknowledge that such data may be viewed by other members of the Skype Manager.
If you leave a voicemail for another Skype user, your voicemail message may be transferred to a third party service provider (where the Skype contact you are trying to reach has signed up to receive voicemails by text message), and will be converted to text.
The conversion process may in exceptional cases, require access by analysts.
By using the voicemail product, you consent to the processing of your voicemail message by Skype and its service provider.
Skype, Skype's local partner, or the operator or company facilitating your communication may provide personal data, communications content and/or traffic data to an appropriate judicial, law enforcement or government authority lawfully requesting such information.
Skype will provide reasonable assistance and information to fulfill this request and you hereby consent to such disclosure.
Information that is collected by or sent to Skype and/or Microsoft may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. 0cf333
In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data in accordance with this article 4, Skype reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country.0cf333
By using Skype software, Skype's websites or Skype products you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Economic Area, and Switzerland.
To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor.
As Microsoft continues to develop its business, Microsoft might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units.
In any such transactions in which Skype or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information of Skype users will generally be one of the transferred business assets.0cf333
We reserve the right to include your personal information in any such transfer to a third party. 0cf333

4.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND GIFS HOW DOES SKYPE USE THEM?

Key Points
By using Skype’s websites and/or software you are giving your consent to the use of cookies.
You can choose to reject cookies at any time, either by changing your browser settings (if your browser permits) or by ceasing to use Skype’s websites and/or software or by using the applicable opt-out functions.
You should be aware that certain features are only available through the use of cookies and if you choose not to accept cookies, such features may not be available to you.

4.1 What are Cookies and GIFs?


4.1.1.
Cookies

Cookies are small files containing a string of characters (text) that are sent to your browser from a website’s server.
The cookie may contain a unique identifier but it does not contain personally identifiable information such as your name or email address.
Skype may use cookies when you visit its websites, use Skype’s software or visit other websites where Skype serves advertisements.
The browser of the Skype software client or your Internet browser stores the cookie on your computer's hard drive and this may be accessed by the website during your next visit.
Other websites may also send cookies to your browser but your browser will not allow those websites to see Skype’s cookie data.
A typical Skype cookie might look something like this:
SC=LC=en:CCY=EUR:CC=UK:TZ=+1:VER=0/1.3.0.13/:TS=1105405660:TM=103841368
SC stands for Skype Cookie (cookie name)
LC is the language preference for our website
CCY is the currency preference for our website
CC is a country code
TZ is timezone
VER is the Skype software client version that the user is known to be running
TS is when the cookie was set
TM is when the cookie was modified


4.1.2.
Gifs

Skype web pages and client interfaces may include clear gifs, also known as web-beacons and tracking pixels.
Gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, which are used to count your visits to the page (but which do not retain any personally identifiable information).
In addition, Skype uses clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened and acted upon.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.

4.2 What type of Cookies does Skype use?

Skype uses session cookies, persistent cookies and local shared objects (flash cookies).
Session cookies are temporary cookies, or unique identifiers associated with your browser for the duration of your visit to Skype’s websites or area of the Skype software client.
Once you close your browser, the session cookie ID will disappear and information about your visit is not retained.
Persistent Cookies remain on your browser even after you close it and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the website.
Local Shared Objects or ‘Flash Cookies’ are cookies written with Adobe flash technology.
These cookies are saved on your computer in the same way as other cookies but they cannot be managed at browser level in the same way.

4.3 How Skype uses Cookies

Skype uses its own cookies for a variety of purposes, including to:
1.
recognize you when you sign in and understand how you arrived at our website, so we can make sure that we provide you with relevant customer content and information.
For example:

if you arrived at our website by clicking on a link to hear about US subscription packages, we can make sure you see content relevant to those offers;
we can recognize your time zone so that your call lists are accurately displayed;
if your last purchase included VAT, we can make sure you are always provided with a VAT inclusive price;
if your cookie was set a long time ago, we know you are not a new user and we will not show you content intended for new users, such as ‘how to use Skype’ pages;

2.
remember your chosen preferences, such as:

the language you choose to see our website in;
the currency you wish to see our prices in;

3.
fight against fraud;
4.
inform Skype about the version of the Skype software client you are using so that we can provide you with new software updates and direct you to the relevant help sections;
5.
enable you to access your account and account services through the Skype Software client;
6.
provide internal and customer analytics and gain statistics and metrics about our websites, such as total number of visitors and page views;
7.
monitor the effectiveness and performance of our advertising and marketing campaigns and carry out research in order to help us to improve our products and websites;
8.
initiate security measures such as ‘time-out’ when you have not logged into your account service area for a period of time;
9.
populate your Skype client with one of your Skype contacts’ information, where this contact invited you to join Skype;
10.
deliver video content to you;
11.
provide Skype ads most relevant to you when you visit other sites that display Skype ads.

4.4 Third Party Cookies

In addition to Skype’s cookies, Skype’s analytics, ad-serving and affiliate partners may set cookies and access cookies on your computer, when you are using the Skype software client or visiting a Skype website. 0cf333

4.4.1 Analytics

Skype uses analytics partners, including Omniture, Google Analytics, and Flurry Analytics, to gather anonymous statistical and analytical information about how users use Skype websites and software clients.
For example, these partners gather and aggregate data on page views and clicks on our sites, the search engines and keywords used to find our sites, links accessed from our sites, error and crash information about our clients, and similar information.
These analytics are not used to track your journey to other websites or to identify you.

4.4.2 Advertising

The advertisements of Skype appearing on third party websites and the advertisements of third parties appearing in the Skype software, products and on third party websites are delivered to you by Microsoft Advertising or other carefully selected ad serving partners (“Ad Serving Partners”).
Skype and its Ad Serving Partners may use non-personally identifiable information that you have provided in your Skype profile or otherwise provided to Skype, such as your age, gender, language and country of residence, as well as information about your relationship with Skype’s websites, software, and products, in order to provide advertisements likely to be of greater interest to you and to help us measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns. 0cf333
Skype and our Ad Serving Partners may use cookies and/or web-beacons (Gifs) to collect this information. 0cf333


4.4.3.
Affiliates

Skype’s affiliate network program partner allows third parties to introduce people to Skype.
Our affiliates may send cookies to your computer to allow them to receive information (a) when you click on a Skype related link on one of our affiliate partner sites, and/or (b) when you make a purchase on Skype’s website, for the purpose of paying commission to the affiliate partner. 0cf333
If you re-visit Skype’s site directly, our affiliate network program partner can recognize you and reward the third-party affiliate partner site that referred you to our site.
These cookies are not within Skype’s control and for more information please visit our affiliate network partner Commission Junction’s site at: http://www.cj.com/privacy

4.4.4.
Other Third Party Content

Sometimes, Skype’s websites may include widgets or embedded video content from third parties such as YouTube.
When you view this content or use this widget, you may be accepting cookies from these websites.
These cookies are not within our control and you should check with the relevant third party site for more information.

4.5 Your Choices about Cookies

We don’t recommend that you restrict or block cookies as this may impact on the functionality of our websites and products.
However, if you choose to do so, please see the options available to you below.
You can also find comprehensive information about cookies at www.aboutcookies.org.

4.5.1 Browser Cookies

The Help option on the toolbar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to delete cookies or how to disable cookies altogether.
Skype software browser cookies can be disabled by: accessing the File menu from your Skype software client toolbar, choosing the Privacy option and un-checking the ‘Allow Skype Browser Cookies’ box.

4.5.2 Local Shared Objects (Flash Cookies)

You can manage the usage of flash cookies via http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.
You may also manage flash cookies through your browser depending on how recent the version of Internet Explorer (or other browser) and media player you are using.
Please also visit the Adobe website at http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html

4.5.3 Analytics

To opt out of Omniture analytic cookies, please visit: https://smetrics.skype.com/optout.html
To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, please visit: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout

5.
Your Advertising Choices


5.1 Third Party Advertisements

Some Skype software clients may enable third-party advertisements provided by Microsoft Advertising.
In order to provide ads of greater interest to you, these ads may be targeted based on non-personally identifiable Skype profile information (including profile information from linked LiveID accounts), such as age, gender, country of residence, and language preference, as well as other information Microsoft Advertising collects outside the Skype software client.
For instance, Microsoft Advertising may utilize the same browser cookies set by Microsoft websites to enhance targeting within the Skype software client.
You may opt-out of Microsoft targeted ads in any Skype software client that enables targeted ads by visiting the privacy menu in the Skype software client toolbar.
If you opt-out, you will still receive advertisements based on your country of residence, language preference and IP address location, but other targeting information will not be used.
Please note that the only way to ensure that Microsoft Advertising does not present targeted ads within the Skype client is to opt-out through the mechanism described above.
Although you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from Microsoft Advertising through your browser by visiting http://choice.live.com/advertisementchoice, or the NAI or DAA sites described below, we cannot ensure that those mechanisms are effective within the Skype client depending on your browser.
For more information about how Microsoft Advertising collects and uses information, please see the Microsoft Advertising Privacy Supplement.
In some instances, Microsoft Advertising may facilitate the placement of advertisements in Skype software client by other online advertising networks.
These companies currently include, but are not limited to: 24/7 Real Media, aCerno,Inc, AdBlade, AdConion, AdFusion, Advertising.com, AppNexus, Bane Media, Brand.net, CasaleMedia, Collective Media, Fox Interactive, Interclick, Millennial, ROI Media, Social Media, SpecificMedia, Tribal Fusion, ValueClick, Yahoo!, YuMe and Zumobi.
If you have opted-out of targeted ads in the Skype client as outlined above, Skype will not pass any profile information to such advertising providers with the ad request.
However, because these third parties may place cookies on your computer that facilitate their own targeting, the Skype opt-out mechanism described above will not necessarily prevent ad targeting by these companies.0cf333
These companies may offer you a way to opt-out of ad targeting based on their cookies.
You may find more information by clicking on the company names above and following the links to the Web sites of each company.
Many of them are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies.

5.2 Skype Advertisements

You may also choose to opt-out of the use of your non-personally identifiable profile information in connection with Skype's advertising efforts on third party websites by clicking on the following link: http://media.skype.com/optout_confirmation.html.
If you choose to opt-out, Skype's advertisements will still be delivered to you but information about your relationship with Skype's websites or the Skype software will not be used for this purpose.

6.
YOUR USER PROFILE

Your user profile is the information provided by you at registration or later which is displayed in your Skype profile in the Skype software client, in the Skype search directory and on your personal details page in your account on www.skype.com.
It may include your Skype username, full name, address, telephone and mobile numbers, gender, date of birth, country, language, “about me” page URL, and any other information that you decide to make available.
You can access your user profile from the “Skype” menu in the Skype software client or from your account on www.skype.com in order to view, correct or complete information, remove non-mandatory information.
and to see the privacy settings associated with your profile information.
If you use the Qik products, you will have a Qik user profile.
A username and optional first name and last name is displayed when you stream videos, upload videos, or send messages.
Based on your privacy settings, any content that you submit to Qik may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels and may be viewed by the general public.
You can access your profile from your account on www.qik.com in order to view, correct or complete information, remove non-mandatory information.
and you can change your sharing settings from the settings menu in the Qik software application.

7.
LINKED WEBSITES AND THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS

Skype websites may contain links that will let you leave Skype's website and access another website.
Linked websites are not under the control of Skype and these websites have different privacy policies.
The Skype Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information that is acquired on the websites or through your use of the Skype software, Skype products and/or your relationship with Skype, so Skype urges you to be careful when you enter any personal information online.
Skype accepts no responsibility or liability for these other websites.
If you use any extras, plug-ins or third party applications together with the Skype software or use any third party applications or products that incorporate or embed the Skype software (“Applications”), the provider of such Applications may obtain access to certain personal information about you 0cf333 .
Skype does not and cannot control how the provider of Applications may use any personal information connected in connection with such Applications.
Please ensure that you review any privacy policies or other terms applicable to the use of such Application before installation.

8.
HOW DOES SKYPE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

Skype will take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the personal data and traffic data provided to it or collected by it with due observance of the applicable obligations and exceptions under the relevant legislation.
Your personal and traffic data can only be accessed by authorized employees of Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers who need to have access to this data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties.
Skype may use automated scanning within Instant Messages to identify URLs that have been previously flagged as spam, fraud, or phishing links.
Skype may, in its sole discretion, block, prevent delivery of, or otherwise remove such links from any such messages.

9.
PERSONAL DATA OF FRIENDS

You may be interested in inviting your friends to join Skype.
In the event you wish to use Skype's referral service, you will be directed to a webpage and will have the possibility of adding one or more email addresses in an online form.
The information entered in this form, will only be used for the purposes of automatically generating an email message to these potential Skype users.
By entering your friend’s email address you are confirming that your friend has consented to the supply of their details.
Skype may identify you as the person who has made the referral in the invitation sent to your friend and will include your name, email address and/or phone number in such invitation.

10.
CONTACTING YOU

Skype may from time to time ask you to provide information on your experiences which will be used to measure and improve quality.
You are at no time under any obligation to provide any of such data.
Any and all information which is voluntarily submitted in feedback forms on the website or any survey that you take part in is used for the purposes of reviewing this feedback and improving the Skype software, and Skype and other Microsoft products and websites.
Skype may contact you to send you messages about faults and service issues.
Further, Skype reserves the right to use email, the Skype software or SMS to notify you of any eventual claims related to your use of Skype software, the Skype websites and/or Skype products, including without limitation claims of violation of third party rights.
Skype may send you alerts by email or SMS to notify you when someone has tried to contact you.
Skype may also use email, SMS or the Skype software to keep you up to date with news about the Skype software and Skype products that you have purchased and/or to inform you about other Skype products or other Skype related information.
You can opt-out of the receipt of alerts and/or promotional (a) emails by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link on the email that you receive or by changing your notification settings on your account page on www.skype.com.
and (b) SMS by following the instructions on the SMS that you receive.
If you have registered for or use co-branded Skype products, the emails or SMS that you receive may be from our partner company, acting on Skype’s behalf.

11.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS OR AMEND YOUR PERSONAL DATA?

You have the right to access and, where relevant, to amend your personal information.
Some of your information may be viewed or edited online by signing into your account page on www.skype.com or www.qik.com.
We will respond to requests to view, correct, complete or remove your personal information within a reasonable period of time and upon verification of your identity.
Skype will use all reasonable endeavours to accommodate requests to delete personal information unless it is required to be retained by law or for lawful business purposes.
However, please note that due to the technical nature of the peer to peer network, it can sometimes take up to two weeks before your Skype ID disappears completely from the peer to peer network.
Your details may still appear in the search directory during this time.

12.
HOW LONG IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA KEPT BY SKYPE?

Skype will retain your information for as long as is necessary to: (1) fulfill any of the Purposes (as defined in article 3 of this Privacy Policy) or (2) comply with applicable legislation, regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts.
Retention of Instant Messages, Voicemail Messages, and Videomail Messages (Skype internet communications software application only)
Your instant messaging (IM), voicemail, and videomail content (collectively “messages”) may be stored by Skype (a) to convey and synchronize your messages and (b) to enable you to retrieve the messages and history where possible.
Depending on the message type, messages are generally stored by Skype for a maximum of between 30 and 90 days unless otherwise permitted or required by law.
This storage facilitates delivery of messages when a user is offline and to help sync messages between user devices.
For IM, if you have linked your Skype and Microsoft accounts, you may have the option to choose to store your full IM history for a longer period.
In that case, your IMs may be stored in your Outlook.com Messaging folder until you manually delete them.
For Videomail, you may also choose to store messages for an extended period if the sender is a Premium Member.
Skype will take appropriate technical and security measures to protect your information.
By using this product, you consent to the storage of your IM, voicemail, and videomail communications as described above.

13.
CHILDREN

Skype's websites and software clients are not intended for or designed to attract under the age of 13 and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information on our sites from anyone under the age of 13 (or older in some jurisdictions).
We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission.

14.
CAN THIS PRIVACY POLICY BE MODIFIED?

Skype will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our software and/or products and customer feedback 0cf333 .
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy at skype.com/go/privacy, we will update the "last revised" date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification.
You agree that your continued use of the Skype software or Skype products after notice shall constitute your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Skype is collecting, using, and protecting your information.

15.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT SKYPE?

To contact Skype in relation to the “Skype” branded software or products, please submit a support request to customer support team.
To contact Skype in relation to the “Qik” branded software or products, please submit a support request to http://support.qik.com
Skype Software S.à r.l / Skype Communications S.à r.l.
23-29 Rives de Clausen
L-2165 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
For members of Skype Manager in the United States only:
Skype Inc.
3210 Porter Drive
Palo Alto, California 94304, USA
© Skype – Last revised: September 2012
 English EnglishعربيČeskyDanskDeutschEspañolEestiSuomiFrançaisMagyarBahasa IndonesiaItaliano日本語한국어NederlandsNorskPolskiPortuguêsPortuguês (Brasileiro)RomânăРуccкийSvenskaTürkçe中文（简体)中文 (繁體) 

About 

Advertise 

Blogs 

Developers 

Jobs 
 Sitemap 

© 2012 Skype and/or Microsoft.
The Skype name, associated trade marks and logos and the "S" logo are trade marks of Skype or related entities.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy and Cookie policy.

© 2012 Skype and/or Microsoft.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy and Cookie policy.


No emergency calls with Skype

Skype is not a replacement for your telephone and can't be used for emergency calling

No emergency calls with Skype
 

Asda privacy policy
Asda Mobile 
Personal data includes
a) All information provided by you on activating your Mobile/SIM card; as part of your use of the services; and/or should you choose to register your use of your Mobile number with us 0cf333
b) Call, network and traffic information generated by your use of the Service covered by these terms and conditions or your use of products, services and content accessed via or facilitated by your use of the services covered by these terms and conditions, including but not limited to your Mobile number, the numbers you call, the type, date, time, location, duration and cost of calls, messages or other communications.
c) Information obtained from third party sources such as our suppliers, marketing organisations or credit reference agencies 0cf333
d) If you have special needs we may process sensitive personal data about your health, where you have advised us of those special needs 0cf333
e) Information provided by you about another person. It is your responsibility to ensure that the other individual is aware and has agreed to you passing on such information to us or our partner EE 0cf333
Your personal data may be used for the following general business-related purposes
a) Passed onto our partner EE to assist them in running the Network and providing the services, whether that use is direct or indirect 0cf333
b) Account management such as charging enquiries, and to provide customer care activities (including answering your queries).
c) Processing your applications and orders, and to supply and manage any services or products which we provide.
d) Monitor and maintain the quality and security of the Network (which is provided by our partner, EE) and the services.
e) Protect us, our assets, including any intellectual property rights and our brand, our employees and customers from activities that might cause loss or damage.
f) Comply with any legal, governmental or regulatory requirement imposed on us or in connection with legal proceedings, including in connection with the transfer of any part of our business in respect of which you are a customer or a potential customer.
g) Analyse for the purposes of understanding our customers’ use of our products and services, individual needs and business trends in order to develop and improve our and our group companies’ products and services, new developments, tariffs, special offers, discounts and awards.
h) Activities connected with the running of our business such as personnel training, testing and maintenance of our IT systems.
Use of personal data for marketing purposes
a) We or other members of the ASDA group of companies will use your information to send you marketing messages about our products, services, special offers, discounts and awards by post, telephone and other electronic messaging services such as sms, mms or video 0cf333
b) We may also contact you about the products and services of carefully selected third parties, which we believe may also be of interest to you – without passing control of your personal data to the third party concerned. 
c) If you do not wish to receive these marketing messages from ASDA or wish to change any previously stated preferences, you can notify us by:
* i) sending a Free SMS to 2732 with the word Stop; or
* ii) calling the ASDA Mobile Helpline on 2732 from your Mobile or 0800 079 2732 from any other phone; services provided by third parties In the case of services provided by external parties, ASDA Mobile cannot guarantee that such “stop” messages sent in response to those messages will not be chargeable and should be assumed as attracting a charge.
Inclusion in directory services
We do not include your personal data in any directory or directory enquiry service whether managed by us or a third party, unless you agree to its inclusion. If you wish to have your personal data included in such services, you should contact our ASDA Mobile Helpline.
Disclosure of your personal data
a) We may share your information with our companies in the Wal-Mart Group, some of which are based outside the European Union, who may use your information for the purposes set out above and who are subject to Wal-Mart policies on data protection and security 0cf333
b) We may also pass your personal data to certain third parties 0cf333
(some of which may be based outside of the European Union) where this is either required by law or necessary in order to carry out the services that we provide to you or that you have chosen to use. We will take all necessary steps to ensure that those third parties treat your personal data in accordance with Wal-Mart policies on data protection and security.
c) If you wish to use our products or services abroad, for example, if you wish to roam on a network abroad, it may be necessary to transfer your information outside of the European Union to that country 0cf333
d) Our partner EE will be undertaking some of the marketing and customer services responsibilities on our behalf. Therefore, by using your Mobile you consent to your personal data being shared with EE and any of the companies within the EE Group 0cf333
ASDA WiFi Privacy Policy
Your privacy is really important to us, and we understand how important it is to you. Our aim is to be as clear and open as possible about what we do and why we do it. ASDA is committed to the privacy of all its customers.
This privacy policy describes stores how we use your personal information which may be collected when you use the ASDA Free WiFi Service. This Service is run on ASDA’s behalf by BT 0cf333
Please read this privacy policy carefully before using the WiFi Service.
Your Personal Information
When you use the WiFi Service, the following Personal Information will be collected from you or your mobile phone, tablet or other device 0cf333
* Your name and email address
* Location data and device identifiers (MAC Address and IMEI Number)
* How you use the WiFi Service
* Your communications with us or BT in connection with the WiFi Service
* Your marketing preferences
How we use your Personal Information
We will use this Personal Information to deliver the ASDA Free WiFi Service including troubleshooting services and for the purposes described below 0cf333
Marketing
We may use your Personal Information to inform you, by letter, phone, SMS, email or otherwise, about special offers and products and services that we think may be of interest to you 0cf333
If you do not wish to receive such marketing, you can opt when registering to use Asda Free Wifi or by using the link at the bottom of our emails, the STOP function on SMS and the FREEPOST address on postal mailings.
Market research
From time to time, we may also use your Personal Information to contact you for market research purposes 0cf333 .
 We may contact you by letter, phone, SMS, email or otherwise. See the Marketing section above to learn how you can opt-out of such communications.
Who we share your Personal Information with
We will not sell, distribute or lease your Personal Information to third parties (other than our Partners) unless you say we can or are required by law.
We need to share your Personal Information with BT in order, to provide the ASDA Free WIFI service 0cf333
We may need to share it with our advisors and appropriate third parties for the purposes of fraud prevention, or if ASDA itself, or any of our business is bought or sold 0cf333
We may also be required by law to share it with police or government agencies for crime prevention and detection and for national security purposes 0cf333
SecurityAt ASDA, Personal Information security is very important and we have taken many steps to make sure your shopping experience with us is secure.. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your Personal Information, we have put in place suitable physical, technical and organisational measures to protect and secure Personal Information.
Storage of your Personal Information
We will not store your Personal Information for any longer than necessary. However we may be obliged by law to store your communications and Personal Information including activity logs 0cf333
 and we may need to show details of these to government or authorised officials upon request. 
Your Rights
You have a right to access the Personal Information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the Personal Information ASDA holds about you, please write to us at the following address enclosing your postal order or a cheque for £10, which we are entitled by law to charge, payable to ASDA Stores Limited.
Contact Details
Email: DataProtection@asda.co.uk
Address: Data Privacy Officer
Compliance Team
ASDA Stores Limited
ASDA House
Great Wilson Street
Southbank
Leeds
LS11 5AD 42
Notification of changes to this Privacy Policy
If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a way different from that told to you at the time it was collected, we will tell you. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your Personal Information in this different manner.
Contact us/give us feedback
We want to make sure we're giving you the Personal Information about privacy and security that you want - let us know what you think. If you have any feedback, questions or concerns, please contact us.
Thank you for visiting our Privacy Policy for our WiFi Service.
Asda Gift Card – Privacy Policy. 
 
Our Privacy Mission Statement:
At ASDA, we value the trust placed in us by customers, suppliers and colleagues who give us their personal data. Data security is one of our highest priorities and we aim to be as clear as possible about what we do with personal data and why we do it.
Our Privacy Statement for ASDA websites
Your privacy is really important to us, and we understand how important it is to you. Our aim is to be as clear and open as possible about what we do and why we do it. ASDA is committed to the online privacy of all its users.
This Privacy Policy regulates the use by ASDA and its partner companies of the information you provide when using ASDA websites.
ASDA Gift Cards is operated by SVM Global, a trading name of SVM Global ("we", "our") under contract with ASDA
We operate this site in order to promote products and services and, where these are provided by our partners, to be the interface between our customers and our partners. Our partners may have their own privacy policies which you should also view.
Where we refer to an order in this policy, this includes an order for goods or services, registration on a site, an application for a quotation or application for a product or service or opening an account.



Information We Collect
To be able to use this service we have to collect certain information from you. As part of this, you are required to give your contact information. We use the information given to us by you to provide the service you request from us in the way that is set out in this privacy policy. You can change your registration details easily through the account facilities available on the website or by getting in touch with our Data Privacy Officer at the address below.
User name and password – if we collect a user name and password, this is so we can keep your information safe and so that we can have your information to hand each time you visit us.
Name, address and postcode – without this we won't know where to send your order or to whom. We also use postcodes to quickly get your full address to save you typing it out, and in some cases to identify whether we deliver or offer services in your area.
Age/date of birth – we may need to collect your age or date of birth in order to be able to sell you certain products, such as insurance, financial services products or alcohol, and we may also use this to send you age or birthday related offers if you agree.
Email address – we send a confirmation of your orders via email.
Telephone numbers – if there are any problems with your order or we need to check anything, we need to be able to contact you quickly.
Where you heard about us – we may ask you this to help make our marketing more efficient.
Correspondence – if you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Sensitive personal data – sensitive personal data includes, for example, information related to your health, race or ethnic origin or religion. We may need sensitive personal data from you for certain products and services, and in some cases, we may be able to assume sensitive personal data about you from the information you provide. By letting us have any sensitive personal data, you expressly consent to us using and telling others about any of your sensitive personal data 0cf333
 so we can provide you with the goods or services requested by you in the way set out in this Privacy Policy.
Third party information – if you give us information about another person, (for example if someone else is taking delivery for you or is included in the purchase of a product) you confirm that you have identified ASDA to them and told them what we will use their information for, as set out in this Privacy Policy and that they have given permission for us to be able to use their personal information in the manner described.
IP addresses – when you visit our site, we will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device 0cf333
You may also provide us with personal information if you contact customer services 0cf333 .if you enter promotions or competitions run by us or if you get in touch with us in some other way, for example by way of an email facility provided on the website 0cf333



How We Use The Information We Collect
Our main uses of your information are explained above which in general is to process your orders, as well as to help us understand your needs and provide you with a better service. Your account may be used to store information about your previous purchases, personal preferences and shopping lists. But you should also be aware of the following uses:
Marketing – we (including our group companies and partners) and carefully selected third parties may use the information we collect to inform you, by letter, phone, SMS, push notification or equivalent, or email, about offers, products and services that we think may be of interest to you and we may tell you about other organisations' products and services. We will tell you about this when we collect your information and if you do not wish to receive these communications, please let us know. You can change your mind at any time by going to the account facilities available on the website or by contacting our Data Protection Officer at the address below. You can also unsubscribe following the instructions that we will include in any communication, such as email or text, we send to you.
Customer care and correspondence – as part of our customer care procedures, we may follow-up, either by letter, phone, SMS or email, customers who have purchased goods or services from our website or who have posted comments about ASDA on the internet, for example to resolve a complaint or to ask for a testimonial.
Market research – from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by letter, phone, SMS or email.
Personalise shopping – we may personalise your experience by using your past purchases and browsing habits to present special offers and new products and services that we think may be of interest to you. As technology develops this will really help us to improve our service to you.
Website improvement – to help us design our website and improve your experience, we may collect information about the way you use and access our website. Our web system collects information about each visitor, including IP address, the length of time spent on the website and the order in which pages are visited. We may employ third party experts to help us look at this information. However, we make sure that anyone we employ treats all information with the same sensitivity and security that we treat it. This is explained in more detail in the cookies section below.
Fraud Prevention – in order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may look at the information that we get from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, and may pass this to other group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way. When you apply for products or services through our website you may also be required to go through a more detailed credit check on terms which will tell you about you first.



Cookies
Our sites use a number of different cookies. Below we explain the cookies we use and why we use them.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
* Persistent cookies
* Persistent cookies remain on your device until deleted manually or automatically.
* Session cookies
* Session cookies remain on your device until you close your browser when they are automatically deleted.



Cookies we use and why we use them:
* Essential cookies
* Essential cookies are technical cookies that are required for the operation of our sites. Without essential cookies our sites cant operate properly. Essential cookies include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
* Performance cookies
* Performance cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our sites and to see how visitors move around them. This helps us to improve the way our sites work by enabling us to tailor our sites to the way visitors use them. The information we collect from performance cookies is aggregated which means that we cannot identify you from it.
* Experience cookies
* Experience cookies allow our sites to remember the choices you make. 0 Our sites use experience cookies to provide you with enhanced and personalised features. For example, we use information collected through what are known as web-analytic cookies to compare the choices you make to those of our other customers so that we can learn from those choices. Information collected by experience cookies cannot track your browsing activity when you leave our sites to browse other sites.
* Marketing cookies
* Marketing cookies record your visits to our sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We use this information to make our sites and the advertising displayed on them more relevant to your interests. For example sometimes we use marketing cookies to limit the number of times that you see an advert. Sometimes we share information about your browsing activity, (which we have collected from cookies), with our advertising partners. They may use this information to advertise products, which may interest you, on other sites.



Your right to refuse cookies and what happens if you refuse them
You can refuse cookies by activating the relevant setting on your browser. However, if you do so you may not be able to access all or parts of our sites. If you carry on using our sites and do not change your browser settings we will assume you consent to us using cookies as described above.



Who We Share the Information With
We will not sell your personal information to third parties other than our subsidiaries, affiliates or parent companies unless you say we can (for example for carefully selected third parties to contact you) or are required by law. We may share your information with third parties to process and fulfil your order, to provide services you request, for business analysis purposes, for the purposes of fraud prevention or if ASDA itself, or any of our business is bought or sold 0cf333
Market Research – we may provide information at an aggregated statistical level about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties, but this information will not identify individuals.
Processing by third parties – from time to time we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include completing orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, confirming contact details, looking at information, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments and providing customer service (such as through our call centre staff located in the UK or South Africa). They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. They must also process the personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the UK's Data Protection Act.
International transfers – in order to carry out the steps set out above we may send your personal information outside of the European Economic Area and, if necessary, across international borders 0cf333 .  The data protection laws in these countries may not be as comprehensive as in the European Economic Area. However, we have taken appropriate steps to make sure the same level of protection for the processing carried out in these countries as within the European Economic Area. Any details you provide may be electronically sent to the US to our parent company Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which helps us in running our websites. However, any such information will be dealt with in accordance with the UK's Data Protection Act.



Storage of Data
We will not store your personal information for any longer than we need to, however we may be obliged by law to store your communications and personal information including activity logs and we may need to show details of these to government or authorised officials upon request. Like many websites, we use log files to monitor the effectiveness of our online marketing programmes.



Access Rights
You have a right to access the personal information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information ASDA holds about you, please write to us at the following address enclosing your postal details and a cheque for £10, which we are entitled by law to charge, payable to ASDA Stores Limited:
Data Privacy Officer, 
Privacy Team, 
ASDA Stores Limited, 
ASDA House, 
Great Wilson Street, 
Southbank, 
Leeds, 
LS11 5AD



Security
At ASDA, information security is very important and we have taken many steps to make sure your shopping experience with us is secure. Information about you will be kept safe and secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your information, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect and secure information that is collected online.
Keeping your information secure - to help us keep your information confidential you should:
* Keep your password secret.
* Never distribute the website addresses for pages that you have looked at while logged in as a registered customer.
Password – you should choose a password that is not obvious or known to anyone else. You should never give a third party your password, as you will be responsible for all activity and charges incurred through use of your password whether authorised by you or not.
If you forget your password, you can request a new password, which will be emailed to the address we hold for you. You can change your password anytime through the account facilities on the website. Should we think that there is likely to be, or has been any breach of security, we may change your password and notify you of the change by email.
Security in our offices – access to your information is restricted in our stores and offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal data. The servers that store this information are kept in a secure environment.



Links
Our website may contain links to let you to visit other websites of interest easily. Once you have used these links to leave our website, you should be aware that we do not have any control over that other website. As such we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting these websites, and they are not governed by this Privacy Policy. ASDA is not responsible for any products and/or services featured on any third party website. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question.



Notification of Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this website so you know what information we collect and how we use it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will tell you. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.



Feedback
We want to make sure we're giving you the information about privacy and security that you want - let us know what you think. If you have any feedback, questions or concerns, please email us at dataprotection@asda.co.uk.
The personal information we collect depends on the products and services you have and how you use them. We’ve explained the different ways we use your personal information below.
* To provide you with products and services
We’ll use your personal information to provide you with products and services 0cf333 This applies when you register for or buy a product or service from us. Or if you register for an online account with us or download and register on one of our apps.
This means we’ll:
* record details about the products and services you use or order from us 0cf333
* send you product or service-information messages (we’ll send you messages to confirm your order and tell you about any changes that might affect your service, like when we have infrastructure work planned or need to fix something)
* update you on when we’ll deliver, connect or install your products and services
* let you create and log in to the online accounts we run
* charge you and make sure your payment reaches us 0cf333
* filter any content you ask us to, through your Parental Controls settings (or any content our partners ask us to, such as for a Wi-Fi hotspot)
* give information to someone else 0cf333(if we need to for the product or service you’ve ordered) or to another communications provider if you’re buying some services from them and us (if we do this, we still control your personal information and we have strict controls in place to make sure it’s properly protected); and
* support you more if you are a vulnerable customer
We use the following to provide products and services and manage your account:
* Your contact details and other information to confirm your identity and your communications with us. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth, email address, passwords and credentials (such as the security questions and answers we have on your account)
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
Your communications with us, including emails, webchats and phone calls. We’ll also keep records of any settings or communication preferences you choose
* Information from cookies placed on your connected devices that we need so we can provide a service 0cf333
We use this information to carry out our contract (or to prepare a contract) and provide products or services to you.  If you don’t give us the correct information or ask us to delete it, we might not be able to provide you with the product or service you ordered from us.
If you tell us you have a disability or otherwise need support, we’ll note that you are a vulnerable customer, but only if you give your permission or if we have to for legal or regulatory reasons. For example, if you told us about a disability we need to be aware of when we deliver our services to you, we have to record that information so we don’t repeatedly ask you about it.  We will also record the details of a Power of Attorney we have been asked to log against your account 0cf333

We’ll use your personal information if we consider it is in our legitimate business interests so that we can operate as an efficient and effective business 0cf333 . We use your information to:
* identify, and let you know about, products and services that interest you 
* share within the BT Group for administrative purposes
* create aggregated and anonymised information for further use
* detect and prevent fraud; and
* secure and protect our network
 
To market to you and to identify products and services that interest you
We’ll use your personal information to send you direct marketing and to better identify products and services that interest you 0cf333 . We do that if you’re one of our customers or if you’ve been in touch with us another way (such as entering a prize promotion or competition).
This means we’ll:
* create a profile about you to better understand you as a customer and tailor the communications we send you (including our marketing messages); 
* tell you about other products and services you might be interested in;
* recommend better ways to manage what you spend with us, like suggesting a more suitable product based on what you use;
* try to identify products and services you’re interested in; and
* show you more relevant online advertising and work with other well-known brands to make theirs more suitable too 
We use the following for marketing and to identify the products and services you’re interested in:
* Your contact details. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth and email address
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Information from cookies and tags placed on your connected devices 0cf333
* Information from other organisations such as aggregated demographic data, data brokers (such as Acxiom and Edit), our partners and publicly available sources like the electoral roll and business directories
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records 0cf333
We’ll send you information (about the products and services we provide) by phone, post, email, text message, online banner advertising or a notice using our apps or on your TV set-top box. We also use the information we have about you to personalise these messages wherever we can as we believe it is important to make them relevant to you.  We do this because we have a legitimate business interest in keeping you up to date with our products and services, making them relevant to you and making sure you manage your spending with us.  We also check that you are happy for us to send you marketing messages by text or emailbefore we do so. In each message we send, you also have the option to opt out.
We’ll only use your call, browser and some TV records 0cf333(such as programmes you watch on channels we provide that are produced by other organisations) to personalise our offers as long as you are happy for us to do so.
We’ll only market other organisations’ products and services if you have said it is OK for us to do so.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing information or withdraw your permission at any time, as set out in the 'How to contact us and further details' section below.
Read our cookie policy for more details on how we use cookies.
 
To create aggregated and anonymised data
We’ll use your personal information to create aggregated and anonymised information 0cf333 Nobody can identify you from that information and we’ll use it to:
* make sure our network is working properly and continuously improve and develop our network and products and services for our customers
* run management and corporate reporting, research and analytics, and to improve the business; and
* provide other organisations with aggregated and anonymous reports 0cf333
We use the following to generate aggregated and anonymised information 0cf333
* Your gender, address and date of birth
* Information about what you buy from us, how you ordered it and how you pay for it, for example, broadband ordered online and paid for on a monthly basis 0cf333
* Information from cookies and tags placed on your computer 0cf333
* Information from other organisations who provide aggregated demographic information, data brokers (such as Acxiom and Edit), our partners and publicly available sources like the electoral roll and business directories
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records 0cf333
We have a legitimate interest in generating insights that will help us operate our network and business or would be useful to other organisations. 
 
To develop our business and build a better understanding of what our customers want
This means we’ll:
* maintain, develop and test our network (including managing the traffic on our network), products and services, to provide you with a better service
* train our people and suppliers to provide you with products and services (but we make the information anonymous beforehand wherever possible)
* create a profile about you to better understand you as our customer
* share personal information within the BT Group for administrative purposes, such as sharing contact details so we can get in touch with you; and 0cf333
* run surveys and market research about our products
We use the following information to do this.
* Your contact details
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Your communications with us, including emails, webchats and phone calls (and any recordings made)
* Information from cookies placed on your connected devices 0cf333
* make and defend claims to protect our business interests
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address and static IP address, if it applies) and TV records. 0cf333
If we use this information for market research, training, testing, development purposes, defend or bring claims or to create a profile about you, we do so because it is in our legitimate business interests of running an efficient and effective business which can adapt to meet our customers’ needs.
We create a profile about you based on what you have ordered from us and how you use our products and services.  This helps us tailor the offers we share with you.  You can ask us to stop profiling you for marketing purposes at any time, as set out above.
 
To run credit and fraud prevention checks
Before we provide you with a product or service (including upgrades or renewals), or sometimes when you use our products and services, we’ll use personal information you have given us together with information we have collected from credit reference agencies (such as Experian or Equifax), the Interactive Media in Retail Group (IMRG) security alert, or fraud prevention agencies 0cf333 (such as Cifas).  We use this information to manage our credit risk, and prevent and detect fraud and money laundering.  We’ll also use these organisations to confirm your identity. When they get a search from us, a 'footprint' goes on your file which other organisations might see. We might also share the information with other organisations 0cf333 . We do this because it’s in our, and the organisations’, legitimate interests to prevent fraud and money laundering, and to check identities, to protect our business and to keep to laws that apply to us.
Details of the personal information that will be used include your name, address, date of birth, contact details, financial information, employment details and device identifiers, including IP address and vehicle details 0cf333 .
If you don’t become one of our customers, we’ll still keep the result of our credits checks about you if we have a legal obligation and it’s in our legitimate interests to help prevent or detect fraud 0cf333 . Fraud prevention agencies can hold your personal information for different periods of time, and if you are considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your information can be held by us and the organisations we share it with for up to six years.
If you give us false or inaccurate information which we identify as fraudulent, we’ll pass that on to fraud prevention agencies. We might also share it with law enforcement agencies, as may the agencies we have shared the information with.
If you tell us you’re associated with someone else financially (for example, by marriage or civil partnership), we’ll link your records together.  So you must make sure you have their agreement to share information about them. The agencies we share the information with also link your records together and these links will stay on your and their files – unless you or your partner successfully asks the agency to break that link.
If we, a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, decide that you are a credit, fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services or financing you have asked for, or we may stop providing existing services to you.
The credit reference and fraud prevention agencies will keep a record of any fraud or money laundering risk and this may result in other organisations refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. If you have any questions about this, please get in touch with us using the contact details found in the 'How to contact us and further details' section below.
We send credit reference and fraud prevention agencies information about applications, and they keep that information. We might also give them details of your accounts and bills, including how you manage them. This includes telling them about your account balances, what you pay us and if you miss a payment 0cf333 . So if you don't pay your bills on time, credit reference agencies will record that. They, or a fraud prevention agency, might tell others doing similar checks – including organisations trying to trace you or recover money you owe them.
There are different credit reference agencies in the UK (for example, Callcredit, Equifax and Experian). Each one might hold different information about you 0cf333 . If you want to find out what information they have on you, they may charge you a small fee 0cf333 .
Whenever credit reference and fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area, they place contractual responsibilities on the organisation receiving it to protect your information to the standard required in the European Economic Area. They may also make the organisation receiving the information subscribe to ‘international frameworks’ aimed at sharing information securely.
Here are links to the information notice for each of the three main Credit Reference Agencies. 
Callcredit
Equifax
Experian
 
To collect debt
If you don’t pay your bills, we might ask a debt-recovery agency to collect what you owe. We’ll give them information about you (such as your contact details) and your account (the amount of the debt) and may choose to sell the debt to another organisation to allow us to receive the amount due. 
To prevent and detect crime
We’ll use your personal information to help prevent and detect crime and fraud. We’ll also use it to prevent and detect criminal attacks on our network or against your equipment.  We monitor traffic over our network, trace nuisance or malicious calls, and track malware and cyber-attacks.
To do that we use the following information, but only where strictly necessary.
* Your contact details and other information to confirm your identity and communications with us. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth, email address, passwords and credentials (for example, security questions). We do not store the original copy of your password. Instead we keep it in a form that allows us to authenticate you but does not allow us to work out what your original password is
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Information from credit reference and fraud prevention agencies
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records 0cf333 CCTV footage in our shops and buildings
We use this personal information because we have a legitimate interest in protecting our network and business from attacks and to prevent and detect crime and fraud. We also share it with other organisations (such as other communications providers and banks) who have the same legitimate interests.  Doing this helps make sure our network works properly and helps protect you from attacks. 
If you call the emergency services, we’ll give them information about you and where you are so they can help. We do this because it is necessary to protect you, or another person, and because it is in our interests to help the emergency services in providing help to you.

We might have to release personal information about you to meet our legal and regulatory obligations 0cf333 .
To law enforcement agencies
Under investigatory powers legislation, we might have to share personal information about you to government and law-enforcement agencies, such as the police, to help detect and stop crime, prosecute offenders and protect national security 0cf333 .
They might ask for the following details.
* Your contact details. This includes your name, gender, address, phone number, date of birth, email address, passwords and credentials (such as your security questions and answers) needed to confirm your identity and your communications with us
* Your communications with us, such as calls, emails and webchats
* Your payment and financial information 0cf333
* Details of the products and services you’ve bought and how you use them – including your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records.
The balance between privacy and investigatory powers is challenging. We share your personal information when the law says we have to, but we have strong oversight of what we do and get expert advice to make sure we’re doing the right thing to protect your right to privacy.You can read more about our approach to investigatory powers in our report on Privacy and free expression in UK communications. And you can see the terms of reference for our oversight body here.
We’ll also share personal information about you where we have to legally share it with another person 0cf333 .  That might be when a law says we have to share that information or because of a court order.
In limited circumstances, we may also share your information with other public authorities, even if we do not have to 0cf333 . However, we would need to be satisfied that a request for information is lawful and proportionate (in other words, appropriate to the request). And we would need appropriate assurances about security and how the information is used and how long it is kept. 
 
For regulatory reasons
We’ll also use your call, browser (including IP address) and TV records to find the best way of routing your communications through the various parts of our network, equipment and systems as required by our regulator.
If you order a phone service, we’ll ask if you want your details included in our directory services such as our Phone Book. If you do, we’ll publish your details and share that information with other providers of directory services. Ex-directory numbers aren’t included and will not appear in The Phone Book.

Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply from the 31st August 2018
We know you hate it, we do too, but here's the small print.
We ask you to accept these Terms and Conditions when you order your SIM card and your activation of the Service means that you accept them.
We'll keep these Terms and Conditions up-to-date at giffgaff.com at the link at the bottom of every page. If we make a significant change, we’ll contact you to let you know or post information on our Forum.
Here’s a summary of some important terms:
* If you have a goodybag or gigabag, your inclusive allowance covers standard mainland UK calls, texts and data and roaming within the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. Special numbers and services (such as roaming charges, international calls, premium rate numbers and some 08 numbers) are not included. Sometimes the allowances may change, but we’ll always let you know in advance if they do. Check giffgaff.com for more details about Charges and our latest rates so you know how much your usage will cost you.
* Our Service isn’t available everywhere in the UK. You can check predicted network coverage in your area by using our Network Service Checker. The Services are not fault-free and the speed and quality of your connection, for example, can be affected by things like the thickness of the walls of the building you’re in, technical issues and the number of members near you trying to access the Services at the same time. We’ll carry out maintenance on the Network from time to time. We use reasonable skill and care in providing you with the Services and will attempt to re-perform disrupted Services when possible.
* Content on your device can sometimes contain minor defects or bugs, so it’s a good idea to always keep your Content up-to-date.
* If we believe you’re using the Service fraudulently, illegally, in a way that harms our Network or the experience of others, or for business use (amongst other things) we will cancel your Service.
Contents:
1.Explanation of Certain Words
2. Provision of Service
3. Your use of the Service
4. The Charges
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
6. Bundles
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
8. Our Website
9. Device Orders
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
11. Internet Access
12. Limitation of Liability
13. Cancellation Rights
14. Mobile phone locking
15. Promotions
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
18. General
19. How to Contact Us
[Top]
1. Explanation of Certain Words
1.1. In these Terms and conditions:
"Account"
means the giffgaff account which records details of the amount of airtime balance you have, from time to time;
"Affiliates"
means Means members or companies who have officially join or become attached to giffgaff;
"AIT"
means Artificially Inflated Traffic, which occurs where the flow of calls, texts or data, which could be in connection with a revenue share service, is disproportionate to the flow of calls, texts or data that would be expected from good faith commercial practice and usage of the Network;
"Auto Top-up"
means a recurring payment method that enables you to automatically top up the credit on your Account by an amount that you have previously selected;
"Blog"
means the community blog webpage on giffgaff.com;
"Bundle"
means a certain Service allowance for use in conjunction with a SIM Card and a mobile phone device as may change from time to time and as described on giffgaff.com;
"Charges"
means all the prices associated with the Service as described on giffgaff.com;
"Community Guidelines"
means the guidelines regulating your involvement in the giffgaff community as published here;
"Content"
means textual, visual or other information, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound and other material appearing on or available through the Service including all information supplied by content providers from time to time;
“EU and selected destinations”
means Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Martinique, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion Islands, Romania, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Vatican City;
"Forum"
means the community forum webpage on giffgaff.com;
"gigabag"
means a data-only Bundle;
"goodybag"
means a Bundle including minutes, texts and data;
"GSM Gateway"
means a device (not designed or adapted to be capable of being used whilst in motion) designed or adapted to be connected by wireless telegraphy to the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator and used solely for the purpose of sending or receiving messages conveyed by means of the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator;
"Intellectual Property Rights"
means: (i) any (and any rights subsisting in any) patents, designs, trademarks and trade names (whether registered or unregistered), copyright and related rights, moral rights, database rights, know-how and confidential information; (ii) all other intellectual property rights and similar or equivalent rights anywhere in the world which currently exist or are recognised in the future; and (iii) applications, extensions and renewals in relation to any such rights
"Member"
means an individual engaged in the giffgaff community and a user of the Service;
"Member Services"
means the agents who support Members in their use of the Service, whose contact details are found on giffgaff.com;
"Network"
means the cellular telecommunication system run by Telefónica UK Limited;
"Participation"
means such involvement in giffgaff’s Member community as giffgaff may, from time to time, deem eligible for award of Payback Points, as described in more detail in the Community Guildelines;
"Payback Date"
means the date on which Members receive Payback Points, such date to be specified by giffgaff from time to time;
"Payback Points"means the points you are awarded by us for your Participation;
"Phone"
A device that is able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Queued Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been paid for in advance by a Member, on a one-off basis, to automatically apply on expiry of the Member’s current Bundle;
"Recurring Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been requested by a Member to recur automatically each time the Member’s existing Bundle expires;
"Rights"
means copyright, trademark and other relevant proprietary and Intellectual Property Rights relating to Content;
"Service"
means any or all of the following services: airtime service enabling you to make or receive calls and to send and receive data (via, for example, WAP, GPRS, 3G or 4G) by means of the Network, the ability to send and receive email via the Internet, the ability to access information from the Internet, the ability to access and use the giffgaff blog or forum, and any additional services we agree to provide to you;
"SIM Activation"
means the process of creating an Account, making your first top-up or Bundle purchase and activating a SIM Card online at giffgaff.com;
"SIM Card"
means a card or other device provided to you by giffgaff and bearing a unique telephone number programmed to allow a mobile device to access the Service;
"Spread giffgaff"
means a type of Participation whereby a Member orders a SIM Card via another Member, who then qualifies for Payback Points on activation of that SIM Card;
"Tablet"
A device that is not able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Terms and Conditions"
means these terms and conditions;
"We", "us", “giffgaff” and "our" 
means giffgaff Limited, 260 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 4DX; and
"You" 
means the Member to whom the Terms and Conditions apply, and it includes a person who we reasonably believe is acting with your authority.
1.2. giffgaff.com contains explanations, definitions, notes and conditions which form part of these Terms and Conditions.
1.3. The Service and any offers, competitions, prize draws, promotions and/or trials made available by us from time to time may be subject to supplemental terms as advertised in our marketing literature and/or as set out on giffgaff.com. Please check giffgaff.comregularly as any such terms may be updated from time to time, and your participation in any such offer, promotion and/or trial will mean you have accepted such terms.
[Top]
2. Provision of Service
2.1 We will provide the Service to you, and you will be entitled to the quality of Service generally provided by a competent mobile telecommunications service provider exercising reasonable skill and care. However, the Service is not fault free and we will not be liable to you if it is impaired by geographic, atmospheric, Network traffic or other conditions or circumstances beyond our control, including but not limited to the following:
* a) The Service is subject to Network coverage and is not available in all parts of the United Kingdom, the EU and selected destinations or in all other countries; and
* b) The Network may from time to time require upgrading, modification, maintenance or other work which may result in partial or complete non-availability of the Service.
2.2. We may exercise our discretion, using reasonable skill and care, to refuse to provide any part of the Service to you. This may involve barring certain numbers from the Service on a temporary or permanent basis, in circumstances where it is necessary for us to do so 0cf333
2.3. We will use reasonable endeavours to maintain Content but it may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and is provided on an "as is" basis. You accept that we will not be liable for any action you take in reliance on Content as a condition of us allowing you access to such Content.
2.4. giffgaff (or our agents where relevant) reserve the right to:
* a) Restrict access to certain elements of the Service due to age restrictions; and
* b) Vary Content and/or the technical specification of Service from time to time.
2.5. Occasionally we may need to:
* a) Alter the number of your mobile phone, or any other name, code or number associated with the Service for reasons beyond our control such as where requested to do so by a governmental authority or regulatory body or where we reasonably believe that the alteration will enhance your use of the Service. If this is the case we will give you reasonable notice; and/or 0cf333 
* b) Temporarily suspend the Service (or any part of it) for operational reasons or in an emergency or for your security 0cf333
2.6. We will provide you with a SIM Card which shall remain, at all times, our property.
2.7. Maximum call duration is 9 hours.
2.8. Some elements of the Service (including, but not limited to 4G service set-up) may require activation following purchase, which may take up to 24 hours.
2.9. You may only use our services in the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, like holidays or short breaks. If you’re not genuinely using our services for periodic travel we may have to charge you for, or suspend you from, using our services in the EU and selected destinations 0cf333
2.10. The countries covered in the EU and selected destinations may change from time to time and do not include Monaco, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man and Switzerland. Please see our roaming page for details of what countries are included in the EU and selected destinations.
2.11. We may cap your data allowance in the EU and selected destinations. Any use in excess of these caps will be charged at 0.6p. For data level of cap and rates to be charged see our roaming page.
2.12. In the EU and selected destinations, making calls or sending texts to premium rate numbers, directory service numbers and some non-geographic numbers (which can vary over time) aren’t included.
2.13. All use of our services will be subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. We may suspend or terminate your access to our services in the event that you breach our Fair Usage Guidelines 0cf333
[Top]
3. Your use of the Service
3.1. You may only use Content in a way that does not infringe the Rights of others and you must comply with all other instructions issued by us regarding use of Content. You shall not store, modify, transmit, distribute, broadcast, or publish any part of Content other than in compliance with such instruction. The re-selling, copying or incorporation into any other work of part or all of the Content in any form is prohibited save that you may print or download extracts of Content for your personal use only.
3.2. You are solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any Content and the value and integrity of goods and services offered by third parties over the Service. We will not be a party to or in any way responsible for any transaction concerning third party goods and services, except in the case of negligence on our part.
3.3. You must provide us with a current email address and you must maintain this address and advise us promptly of any changes to it. It is your responsibility to verify that your email mailbox is in proper working order and you must assume the risk of all consequences for errors in sending and receiving email, unless caused by our negligence.
3.4. To use some of our Services, for example mobile internet, data, picture messages and text messages, you will need to ensure your mobile device is compatible and enabled.
3.5. Your use of the Services must be for your private, personal and non-commercial purposes. You may only use a device with an IMEI number associated with it on the Network and you will not use or permit anyone else to use your SIM Card:
* a) For any form of automated usage of mobile services;
* b) In such a way that adversely impacts the service to other giffgaff Members;
* c) Fraudulently, illegally or in breach of any law or statutory duty;
* d) To make a call or send a message, to take a picture or video or send, upload, download, use or re-use any material which is offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing, a nuisance (including to our staff) or a hoax, in breach of any Rights or privacy or otherwise unlawful;
* e) To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety as set out in the Communications Act 2003;
* f) Other than in accordance with acceptable use policies of any connected Networks and any relevant Internet standards;
* g) To generate AIT;
* h) via a GSM Gateway so that the Service is provided via the GSM Gateway to third parties; or
* i) To persistently send unsolicited communications 0cf333
and you shall, at all times:
* k) Ensure the information you have provided to us in Participation or otherwise is accurate and up-to-date; and
* l) Comply with these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines and any other supplemental terms and conditions which may be set out in marketing material or on giffgaff.com from time to time;
* m) Ensure any Participation you undertake is done in a manner compliant with all law and regulation, does not generate any serious complaint about you (whether or not it is ultimately proven) and in such a way as to not bring giffgaff into any disrepute;
* n) Not do anything or permit anyone else to do anything which we reasonably think adversely impacts the Service to other giffgaff Members or may adversely affect the Network; and
* o) Not be abusive, make threats, repeatedly cause a nuisance or annoyance or otherwise act illegally towards the giffgaff community, our employees, agents or property.
If giffgaff reasonably suspects you are not acting in accordance with the conditions of this clause, giffgaff reserves its right to impose standard Charges and/or Network protection controls (which may reduce your speed of transmission); remove a Bundle and/or Payback Points from your account or block access to the Internet at any time; prevent you from purchasing further Bundles; remove any free minutes allocated to you; stop your entitlement to Payback Points; and/or bar or suspend your SIM Card from the Service.
3.6. If your SIM Card is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed or used without your authority, you will contact giffgaff immediately and cooperate with us in our reasonable security and other checks. We reserve the right to bar or suspend your SIM Card where we reasonably suspect it has been lost or stolen.
3.7. You must tell us immediately by emailing datacontroller@giffgaff.co.uk, if anyone makes or threatens to make any claim or issue legal proceedings against you relating to your use of the Service or the Content and you will, at our request, immediately stop the act or acts complained of. If we ask you to, you must confirm the details of the claim(s) in writing.
3.8. If you do not want your number displayed on receiving mobile phones, Key 141 before the number you wish to call. Otherwise you agree that we may allow the display of your telephone number on receiving handsets. Your number will be disclosed in relation to calls you make to emergency services.
[Top]
4. The Charges
4.1. In return for your payment of the Charges we will provide you with the applicable Service.
4.2. You can purchase access to the Service in various ways, including via:
* a) Purchase of one-off airtime credit;
* b) Setting your Account to Auto Top-up;
* c) Buying a one-off Bundle;
* d) Setting your Account to apply a Queued Bundle; and/or
* e) Setting your Account to apply Recurring Bundles.
4.3. You can pay the Charges using a giffgaff-approved top-up voucher, PayPal or debit or credit card that giffgaff accepts. By using PayPal or debit or credit card you confirm it is yours or you have permission from the account holder or cardholder to use it.
4.4. You can make free UK calls, texts, call forwarding and video calls to other Members subject to you topping-up or purchasing a Bundle using a credit/debit card or voucher once every 3 months. Such calls are at no extra cost for the first 60 minutes per call, after which the call will be charged using Charges applicable to standard non-giffgaff UK mobile pricing.
4.5. We may increase or decrease the Charges at any time (including the introduction of prices for aspects of the Service previously provided at no extra cost). Where we increase the Charges significantly for the elements of the Service you are using we will notify you before the changes become effective by email and/or text 0cf333
4.6. If you pay for a Service by way of Auto Top up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle you must ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card detail on your Account are kept up to date at least 24 hours in advance of application of any attempted top-up or new bundle. You can cancel any of these options (and obtain a refund in respect of a pre-paid queued bundle) by requesting cancellation at least 24 hours prior to its application, on your account at giffgaff.com
4.7. It is your responsibility to ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card account has sufficient funds to pay for the Charges. We shall not be responsible for any additional charges which may be imposed on you by your bank or card issuer.
4.8. We reserve the right to block or bar your SIM Card if we have reasonable cause to suspect fraudulent use of a PayPal account, credit or debit card.
4.9. We shall have no liability to you in respect of any loss incurred as a result of delayed or incorrect airtime credit top-up, Auto Top-up or Bundle payment 0cf333
4.10. If you purchase a Bundle while actively using your airtime credit top-up for Services, please restart your device to ensure your Bundle is used to provide Services to you instead of your airtime credit top-up
4.11. Refunds can only be processed to a saved, valid debit or credit card. PayPal refunds can only be processed to the account used for payment and not a different PayPal address.
4.12. Roaming pricing applies when your SIM Card is used outside of the UK.
4.13. If your SIM Card is lost or stolen:
* a) It shall be your responsibility to contact us as soon as possible, and to cancel any Auto Top-up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle associated with your Account; and
* b) We shall have no obligation to refund you in respect of any airtime credit or active Bundle on your Account 0cf333
4.14. You may be charged to receive certain premium rate text messaging services and multimedia messaging services 0cf333. We will not notify you of charges for premium rate services operated by third parties 0cf333
4.15. Unless otherwise stated, a one minute minimum call Charge will apply to all chargeable calls. All calls are charged in one second increments after the first minute.
4.16. Charges include VAT unless otherwise stated.
[Top]
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
5.1. If you select an Auto Top-up option, payment for the pre-selected top-up credit amount will be taken each time your Account credit balance falls beneath £3.00 and we will then notify you the Auto Top-up has been applied by text and email.
5.2. Where you are using airtime credit, each time you use the Service, your airtime credit will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used by reference to the Charges.
5.3. Once credit is applied to your Account, we have no obligation to refund it to you 0cf333
5.4. We shall be entitled to suspend or terminate your Auto Top-up selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible.
5.5. The maximum amount of available airtime balance possible per SIM is £350
[Top]
6. Bundles
6.1. We recommend that you activate all of the Bundles which you purchase without delay in order to minimise the likelihood of their terms and/or allowance changing between purchase and activation.
6.2. A Bundle lasts for a month, starting from the moment you successfully make your purchase (i.e. the day of purchase counts as one full day, regardless of the time of purchase, and is included in the monthly period) and the Bundle is allocated to your Account. If you have any remaining Service allowance at the end of this monthly period it will expire and will not be rolled-over into the next month 0cf333
The day you first purchase a goodybag is your “goodybag initial purchase date” and it will expire at 23.59 the day before the corresponding day next month. If your goodybag initial purchase date is on a day not contained in the next month, your goodybag will expire on the closest possible day in that month and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start the next day. For example, if you purchase a goodybag on 31 January, it will run until 23.59 on 28 February and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start again on 1 March.
6.3. Where you have an active Bundle on your Account, each time you use the Service, your Bundle allowance will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used.
6.4. Standard out-of-Bundle Charges apply where you have used up any of your Bundle Service allowances and continue to use the associated Service. From time to time, giffgaff may provide functionality to allow you to purchase a new Bundle early. If you elect to take this option your existing Bundle allowance shall be replaced by a new Bundle allowance.
6.5. Bundle Service allowances for calls and texts are for standard UK mobile numbers or standard UK landlines (starting 01 or 02 or 03) only. Picture or video messages and call forwarding are excluded unless otherwise stated. Calls and text messages to other numbers may be charged at out-of-Bundle rates as set out in the Charges.
6.6. We reserve the right to remove or vary the terms and/or allowance of any Bundle (activated or not) from time to time where reasonably necessary (e.g. to improve the service you receive or to manage our costs). Where we vary the terms and/or allowance of a Bundle you are using to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text message and/or email 30 days prior to the change. For queries/complaints go to www.giffgaff.com/support/ask.
6.7. Please note that you will be unable to cancel or claim any refund in respect of a Bundle once it has been activated on your Account. Your legal rights are unaffected.
6.8. From your third goodybag purchase onwards, or from your next goodybag purchase onwards if you’ve already purchased three or more goodybags in the time you’ve been a Member, you’ll receive an extra 1 GB of data free on all goodybags worth £10, £12, £15, £20.
6.9. Bundle allowance details and associated terms can be found on giffgaff.com.
Additional terms in respect of Queued Bundles
6.10. Payment for each Queued Bundle will be taken at the time of purchase, not at the time the Bundle is activated on your Account.
6.11. If you buy a Bundle when another Bundle is active, and if you have used part of your Bundle allowance (as giffgaff may determine) you may have the option of making the new Bundle a Queued Bundle, to be applied once the existing Bundle period expires. Under certain circumstances, you may also start the new Bundle early as outlined in Clause 6.3.
Additional terms in respect of Recurring Bundles
6.12. Payment for each Recurring Bundle will be taken each time a new Bundle is activated on your Account, at which point we will notify you such payment has been taken text and email.
6.13. We shall be entitled to suspend, terminate or change your Recurring Bundle selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible. Where we are changing your Recurring Bundle selection to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text and/or email.
[Top]
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
7.1. If you engage in the giffgaff community through Participation, you may be eligible for Payback Points which can be converted into pounds sterling and:
* a) Used to buy airtime credit for your Account;
* b) Where value is at least £10, transfer them to your PayPal account; or
* c) Donated to the giffgaff community’s chosen charity.
7.2. We calculate the Payback Points due to you over certain periods as described on giffgaff.com and as may change from time to time (the “Payback Period”). Following such calculation we shall let you know how many points you have earned and tell you how long you have to decide which of the options described at Clause 7.1 you wish to choose (“Selection Period”).
7.3. We will begin to process Member choices as specified on giffgaff.com and endeavour to complete such processing within 15 days of the end of the Selection Period.
7.4. If you do not notify us how you want to use your Payback Points within the Selection Period, any Payback Points you have accumulated during the last Payback Period shall roll-over into the following Payback Period. Such roll-over only applies once and any Payback Points which have previously rolled over shall be removed from your Account.
7.5. To qualify for Payback Points you must have an active SIM Card at the Payback Date and have successfully made a connecting call or SMS to any mobile or used mobile internet at least once in the 3 months prior to end of the relevant Payback Period.
7.6. If you select a PayPal transfer, you are responsible for providing us with valid PayPal account details. If there is a refund generated from the member-side back to giffgaff the full amount will not be rolled over or paid to a different PayPal address.
7.7. We may suspend or discontinue the Payback Points scheme at any time. In this event we will provide notice on giffgaff.com. You would stop accruing Payback Points but if you are eligible for a payback before the suspension or discontinuation of the Payback Points scheme, we will honour it.
7.8. If your Account becomes inactive (through closure or porting of your mobile telephone number) your Payback Points will be removed.
7.9. You are responsible for any tax implications resulting from your Participation.
7.10. giffgaff's decision as to the value of your Payback is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Spread giffgaff
7.11. In order to qualify for Payback Points under Spread giffgaff Participation:
* a) You must ensure SIM Cards you distribute are only activated by an individual eligible to become a giffgaff Member under these Terms and Conditions, who has not previously been a Member and who intends to be a regular user of the Service, complying with these Terms and Conditions on an ongoing basis (the “New Member”);
* b) The New Member must:
* i. register their details as required to open a new Account; and
* ii. not be barred or disconnected by us from using the Service before the end of the then current Payback Period; and
* c) you must only have distributed SIM Cards through:
* iv. your own physical distribution;
* v. sending a SIM Card directly to a known address in respect of which you have any necessary authorisation required to send such SIM Card; and/or
* vi. requests made of you through social media or your own website that you control.
7.12. All new Members will get an additional £5 bonus credit if they use any of the Spread giffgaff promotion methods described in Clause 7.11(c) of these Terms and Conditions within six weeks (42 days) of activating their own SIM Card. The £5 bonus credit will only be applied to the first Spread giffgaff activation that takes place during such six week period. The credit will be applied within five working days of the Spread giffgaff activation.
7.13. We reserve the right to remove or not award Payback Points where:
* a) you have Participated in Spread giffgaff other than in compliance with Clause 7.11 above;
* b) multiple SIM Cards have been activated or used in the same device;
* c) where the New Member hasn’t used or continued to top-up their Account (as we may consider in our sole discretion);
* d) you have used methods of promotion or distribution, or related strategy, that we (in our sole discretion) consider inappropriate, which shall include, but not be limited to:
* i. infringing or violating trademark or other rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* ii. using promotional content other than provided to you by giffgaff which we deem inappropriate (and you shall forward any claims or complaints you may receive in connection with any promotional content to giffgaff immediately, and remove it immediately upon giffgaff's request);
* iii. giffgaff does not allow affiliates to bid on brand terms, nor are affiliates allowed to use these within a display URL in any PPC advertising. This also includes misspellings of the brand. Affiliates are now permitted to link directly to giffgaff’s site. You must not bid on any terms relating to any competitor of giffgaff. Any affiliates found to be doing so will be removed from the programme or not been awarded Payback points.using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* iv. giffgaff reserves the right to approve affiliates on exceptional cases to bid on relevant keywords. Explicit approval is required and all keywords must be pre-approved by giffgaff but on after direct written approval from giffgaff.
* v. using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* vi. impersonating giffgaff or promoting giffgaff in any way, including, but not limited to, via graphical images, logos, text or editorial copy, press releases or marks, that (i) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff; (ii) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; (iii) infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party; (iv) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or (v) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these terms and conditions or with any provision of law. We may at our discretion ask you to modify your promotional material or clearly state that your site is not official and to include links to giffgaff.com.
* vii. using sexually explicit materials or hate/ violent/ offensive content;
* viii. promoting discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
* ix. promoting illegal activities or otherwise, violate any applicable laws (this includes SPAM). If you want to send out any emails that advertise or promote giffgaff, you will need giffgaff's approval. Emails or other communications must comply with all applicable law including laws relating to data protection and privacy and electronic marketing
* x. not clearly stating an online privacy policy to visitors to a site;
* xi. using fraudulent means to prompt clicks; or
* xii. anything else which we might consider inappropriate and/or likely to bring giffgaff into disrepute.
7.14. We will keep our right, title and interest in the giffgaff names, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyrights, including those that we may use or develop in the future. Any goodwill resulting from your use of giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyright will not create any right, title or interest for you as a distributor of SIM Cards.
7.15. You will maintain the quality of your distribution services at a level satisfactory to giffgaff and notifying giffgaff of any problems with your participation in this distribution promotion. You shall provide us, on request, with any information we may reasonable require from time to time in connection with your distribution activity.
7.16. You confirm that:
* a) your promotion of giffgaff does not (i) infringe on giffgaff's or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) contain defamatory or libellous material; (iv) contain lewd, pornographic or obscene material; (vii) contain viruses, Trojan horses, or other similar harmful programmes;
* b) if you are promoting giffgaff using a website, you have and comply with a privacy policy that is prominently displayed on your website; and
* c) you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless giffgaff and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all liability, claims, losses, damages, injuries or expenses (including reasonable legal fees) brought by a third party, arising out of a breach, or alleged breach, of any of your representations or obligations.
7.17. giffgaff may terminate the Spread giffgaff scheme at any time, for any reason and if it notifies you of this you must immediately stop any distribution activity and stop using giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks or creative work.
Super Recruiters
7.18. The Super Recruiter Programme (the “Programme") is open to a worldwide audience aged 16 years or over (“Participants”).
7.19. To qualify for the Programme a Participant must recruit 15 or more new Members in their lifetime.
7.20. Participants will start at level 1 (‘Apprentice’) when enrolled onto the Programme. Depending on the number of new Members they recruit ("Recruit(s)") each month they can change between the levels. Levels are calculated monthly based on an average over 3 months. Level 1 (‘Apprentice') is for Participants who recruit up to 14 Recruits in 3 months, Level 2 (‘Expert’) is for Participants who recruit between 15 and 119 Members in 3 months, and Level 3 (‘Master’) is for Participants who recruit 120 or more Members in 3 months. Each level offers different rewards and incentives. Participants can order up to 30 SIM Cards per month, but giffgaff may agree to increase that limit, depending on the likely number needed (the allowance is usually only increased for Masters). giffgaff reserves the right to change a Participant’s level and SIM Card allowance for any reason at any time on reasonable notice. giffgaff also reserves the right to change rewards and incentives available within each level at any time.
7.21. Participants will receive monthly ‘Top-up rewards’ in cash via PayPal if their Recruit tops up, either as credit or a goodybag purchase (but not a queued goodybag purchased previously). The Participant will receive a maximum of two monthly rewards per Recruit if the Recruit tops up twice within 120 days of activating their SIM Card. Top-ups on the same day as activation will be ineligible for super recruiter rewards under the Programme.
7.22. Any and all undisputed and accrued ‘Top up rewards’ will be paid to Participants as close as possible to day 15 of the month, following the month in which the reward was earned. This means that where, for example, Top up rewards are earned right at the end of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 15 days later. Where Top up rewards are earned right at the beginning of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 45 days later. Payments will be paid by PayPal into the account nominated by the Participant for this purpose.
7.23. Participants are responsible for:
* a) providing giffgaff with correct and up-to-date contact and PayPal account details. If a Participant fails to do so he/she may not receive payment under the Programme. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for such occurrences;
* b) keeping the details provided in their Account complete and accurate at all times. giffgaff reserves the right to request proof of any Participant’s identity at any time for the purpose of verifying that they are who they say they are and are not involved in fraudulent activity. At the point at which identification data is requested we will confirm to you how long such information will be retained and for what purpose. Click here to view our privacy policy, which provides a full explanation of how Participant and Member information is used by giffgaff. If the Participant fails to respond to this request within the reasonable time period specified, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1);
* c) ensuring that (i) under no circumstances are Recruits signed up by the Participant directly and without their consent and that (ii) if for any reason, data belonging to Recruits is provided by Participants, this is done only with the relevant Recruit’s prior consent. If it transpires that a Participant is in breach of (i) or (ii) above, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1).
* d) keeping Account log-in details secure. giffgaff will not be responsible for loss, damage or any other issues arising out of unauthorised access to any Participant’s Account 0cf333
* e) keeping a record of payments made to them. giffgaff is not liable for any loss of payment 0cf333
* f) complying with any additional terms and conditions imposed on them by their nominated Paypal account; and) any tax liability in their country of residence incurred as a result of taking part in the Programme.
7.24. Note that a Participant shall forfeit their entitlement to any rewards accrued but not yet paid under the Programme if he/she fails to provide correct PayPal details within ninety days of any reward being earned.
7.25. The standard monthly SIM Card allowance for a Participant, unless otherwise agreed, will be 30 SIM Card. The SIM Cards can be ordered from giffgaff.com Participants should allow approximately 14 days for delivery. SIM Cards must be activated in the UK and details about how to activate them can be found here.
7.26. Only SIM Cards ordered from a Participant’s Account through the giffgaff website are capable of qualifying Participants for rewards.
7.27. Participants may use certain promotional content that giffgaff provides to them only for the purpose of finding Recruits (for example, through a Participant-created or third party website ("Participant Websites")). However, Participants must strictly adhere to any and all instructions in respect of the use of such content, including (without limitation) brand guidelines and the giffgaff brand pack available here, which may be issued by giffgaff from time to time and giffgaff may suspend a Participant's use of such promotional content if a Participant does not do so. Participants must forward any claims or complaints they may receive in connection with the promotional content to giffgaff immediately. Participants must also remove such content immediately upon giffgaff’s request and promptly provide evidence of the same.
7.28. Participants may not present or use any content within Participant Websites, including, without limitation, graphical images, logos, text copy, editorial copy, press releases or marks, that:
* a) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff;
* b) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
* c)infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* d) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or
* e) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions or with any provision of law.
7.29. Subject to Clause 7.28, giffgaff hereby grants Participants using or running Participant Websites a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable licence to use the giffgaff logo and material ("Intellectual Property") (in each case provided or made available to Participants by giffgaff) solely for the purpose of finding Recruits, provided that giffgaff will keep its right, title and interest in its Intellectual Property, including those that it may use or develop in the future. Participants hereby assign any rights in and to any goodwill resulting from Participants' use of giffgaff’s Intellectual Property to giffgaff and agree that this will not create any right, title or interest for giffgaff.
7.30. Participants shall not:
* a) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property in any form other than as provided by giffgaff;
* b) vary, amend, alter or change in any way (other than sizing) any of giffgaff's Intellectual Property;
* c) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any other written instructions or directions as may be given by giffgaff from time to time; or
* d) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property for any purpose other than for finding Recruits.
7.31. The right of Participants to receive payment is subject to their on-going compliance with these Terms and Conditions. giffgaff may, at its sole discretion, suspend or remove a Participant from the Programme at any time and without notice, and withhold or seek reimbursement of, or payment from any Participant in any circumstances which giffgaff reasonably considers to be serious, including but not limited to the following:
* a) If the Participant has breached these or any other applicable terms and conditions, including but not limited to those relating to giffgaff's Intellectual Property Rights and Participant Websites;
* b) If giffgaff suspects or has reasonable grounds to believe that the Participant has provided incorrect or misleading information to any Member or to giffgaff;
* c) If any Member tops up SIM Cards provided by the Participant using a stolen, invalid or expired credit or debit card or giffgaff is required to refund a credit or debit card provider in respect of any SIM Card top ups;
* d) If giffgaff suspects the Participant or Member is otherwise misusing or interfering in any way with the Programme or the giffgaff Network;
* e) If giffgaff receives a complaint about a Participant; or
* f) If the Participant has otherwise engaged in conduct which may breach any law or regulation or harm giffgaff’s reputation.
7.32. Any individual’s personal information obtained under this Programme will be used in accordance with giffgaff’s Privacy Policy, which is available at giffgaff.com.
7.33. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for any incorrectly completed, lost or delayed registration applications, notices, acceptances or other documents related to the Programme.
7.34. giffgaff may amend, suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any time and for any reason on at least 30 days’ notice, which will be provided by email to Participants and/or on giffgaff’s website and/or on account. Any rewards genuinely accrued before the date on which the Programme is amended, suspended, withdrawn or terminated as appropriate will be paid as provided by these terms.
7.35. All decisions by giffgaff on matters relating to the Programme are final and no correspondence will be entered into.
[Top]
8. Our Website
8.1. Opinions expressed on giffgaff.com are those of the respective contributing users only. Such views do not represent those of giffgaff, its management or employees. giffgaff is not responsible for and disclaims all liability for Content and comments contributed by users.
8.2. You must not use the Blog or Forum to display any material which is:
* a) racist, sexist, homophobic, pornographic, obscene, profane, vulgar;
* b) defamatory of any person, entity or organisation;
* c) abusive, threatening or otherwise likely to be harmful to those persons likely to use the giffgaff site;
* d) in contravention of any relevant local, national or international law or which incites or encourages the contravention of any such law;
* e) otherwise offensive in the opinion of giffgaff;
* f) infringing of the Rights (including the Intellectual Property Rights) of any legal or natural person; or
* g) related to the conduct of a business other than giffgaff.
8.3. You understand that by posting to a Blog or Forum your post/comment can be traced to your specific user account containing your email address, user name, date and time of sign up and IP address at date and time of posting.
8.4. By posting comments on this Blog or Forum, you agree to allow the content to be re-used or quoted by giffgaff without notification.
8.5. giffgaff members under the age of 18 must seek parental or guardian consent prior to contributing to the blog.
8.6. Users sometimes include references to other websites beyond the control of giffgaff. As such giffgaff cannot be held responsible for the content of such websites. We will delete advertising posts as the Blog or Forum is not a means for advertisers to promote their websites or products. giffgaff moderators will decide what is acceptable or not on a case by case basis.
8.6. You shall retain exclusive ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights, as may accrue to you by operation of law, in any posts, material, commentary, ideas that you post on giffgaff.com or any other website run by giffgaff (together the "Posts").
8.7. If your Post or any element of it is accepted or implemented by giffgaff, you hereby agree to grant to giffgaff an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, licence to use, copy, install, maintain, modify, enhance and adapt your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (this licence shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions). giffgaff may also assign its licence to use your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (or any part thereof) to any third party to which it may outsource the operation of a part of giffgaff's operations or business provided such third party's use, copying, installation, maintenance, modification, enhancement and adaptation is solely for the purpose of providing a service to giffgaff.
8.8. giffgaff shall be the exclusive owner of any Intellectual Property Rights which accrue with respect to any modifications, enhancements and/or adaptations which it makes to the Posts.
[Top]
9. Device Orders
9.1. This Clause 9 only applies if you have purchased your device from us.
9.2. New members will be required to purchase a goodybag as part of their handset order (this does not apply to pre-owned devices). The goodybag is non-refundable without the full return of the device in accordance with term 9.17 and our change of mind policy.
9.3. Charges for devices will be detailed on giffgaff.com. The cost will be payable at the time of purchase either by a cash payment or using a loan arranged by RateSetter (see Clause 10 below).
9.4. Any device that we deliver to you is your responsibility. Once you've received it and paid for it, you own the device. This does not affect your rights to carry out any of the actions set out in 9.5-9.7 below.
9.5. Any returns or refunds in respect of devices purchased from us are subject to our returns policy You may return a device to us once for a full refund within 14 calendar days from the date of delivery and if your device has a fault when it arrives you can return it for replacement or a full refund within 30 days of receiving it.
9.6. If you are entitled to a refund, you will be refunded the full amount that you have paid for the device when we get the device back from you, less any Charges (as outlined in the returns policy). This refund will come from giffgaff and, if you have taken out a loan with RateSetter, then they will also refund you your payments to date.
9.7. We'll bear the reasonable postage costs of you returning the device to us with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging, as long as you follow our returns policy. We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly. We recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received.
9.8. If there is a device fault which develops after 30 days of the device having been delivered to you, then you should book a repair as soon as possible. Your repair could be chargeable if your handset warranty is no longer valid. If another fault has been established on your device, you may be entitled to additional remedies, depending on how long you have had the device for.
9.9. giffgaff only sells unlocked devices, but some manufacturers impose particular requirements as to how a device must be activated in order to function properly, and geographical limitations on where a device can be used. Please check your device packaging and/or user guide for more information.
9.10. We can only deliver to a valid UK address and will deliver within 30 days. There are certain circumstances where your order may be delayed:
* a) orders placed at the weekend or on a bank holiday will require at least one extra working day for delivery (for most postcodes, orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will normally be delivered on a Tuesday);
* b) any unforeseen stock shortages. If this happens, we will notify you of any delay;
* c) certain remote postcodes will require additional time for delivery; and
* d) if we cannot obtain immediate security clearance for payment of your order. The security of our Members is paramount so these checks are essential to combat fraudulent use of payment and address details.
9.11. No orders for devices shall be accepted if received from outside the United Kingdom.
9.12. Despite our best efforts, occasionally products in our online shop may be incorrectly priced and therefore we cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted. In addition, details may be updated from time to time and are subject to change. If we discover a pricing error, or there is a change in price before dispatch, we will contact you to reconfirm your order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable time, we may cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless otherwise stated, prices are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
9.13. You must ensure that prior to placing an order you have checked all relevant details about the products and/or services you have selected. All products and services advertised are subject to availability.
9.14. The information displayed on giffgaff.com, including prices, does not constitute an offer to enter into a sale agreement and neither we, nor any third parties that offer services via giffgaff.com shall be obliged to accept your orders. If we do, acceptance will be confirmed by email (to the email address supplied by you when the order was placed) and in our dispatching of the Device to you. Where products are sent separately, our acceptance will relate only to those products actually dispatched.
9.15. One-off payment can be made by Mastercard, Visa, or Visa Debit and payment will be taken from you when the order is placed. You confirm that the credit or debit card that is being used is yours. All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card does not, for any reason, authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
9.16. Only Members can purchase handsets from us.
9.17. If you cancel your order and return your handset in accordance with our returns policy, you will also be entitled to a refund on your goodybag. You will only receive a refund for your goodybag if your SIM Card has not been activated. You do not need to return your SIM Card to us and you will need to contact an agent independently of returning your handset to receive a refund on your goodybag.
9.18. You may purchase ‘nearly new’ devices which we refer to as ‘refurbished’ devices. These have been returned under the 14-day Change of Mind Policy with no reported faults. They have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality, and have been returned to their original condition. Nearly new devices are not provided in original packaging and come with a data cable. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 12-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you buy a nearly new device.
9.19. You may also purchase devices which have been through a recycling programme which we refer to as ‘pre-owned’ devices. These devices have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality so that they are ready for use. These devices are not provided in original packaging but come with a data cable and a SIM key. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 6-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you purchase a recycled device
9.20. If you purchase your phone on a date which is covered within the giffgaff free phone accessories voucher offer, you will receive a free phone accessories voucher. The voucher code will be emailed to you 15 days after the date of the phone purchase and valid until the date specified T&Cs of the offer
9.21. Phone accessories vouchers can be claimed at phonegoodies.co.uk and are valid against the cost of products sold within the online store, excluding any delivery costs. The vouchers are valid for a single use only and are not exchangeable for cash.
9.22. As our free phone accessories vouchers are valid for a white label site controlled and supplied by Kondor, their terms and conditions also apply to purchases and the redemption of the vouchers.
9.23. Nothing in this Clause 9 affects your statutory rights.
[Top]
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
10.1. This Clause 10 only applies if you have applied for a loan facilitated by RateSetter's loan exchange service through giffgaff money, or when purchasing a device on giffgaff.com where such purchase is facilitated by such a loan.
10.2. The facilitation of your loan is provided as a service to you by RateSetter. In order to take out your loan you will have entered into a contract with RateSetter, and also a loan agreement with the lender you’re matched with via RateSetter’s exchange. Although we may provide you, via giffgaff.com, with information about your loan, this information is provided to us by RateSetter and you should contact RateSetter if you have any queries or wish to take any action in respect of the loan.
10.3. In order to assess whether or not RateSetter are able to provide you with a loan via its exchange, RateSetter will carry out an independent credit check on you and will use the exchange to identify if there is a suitable lender available. If RateSetter is not satisfied with the credit check results or if there is no suitable lender available to lend at the applicable interest rate, then RateSetter will not be able to facilitate a loan for you.
10.4. If you exercise your right to cancel a purchase paid with a loan, in accordance with Clause 9.4 above, or the returns policy, you will be deemed to have terminated your loan agreement arranged via RateSetter and we will return the related monies we originally received to fund your device (in the event of handset loans) to RateSetter. RateSetter will remain responsible for refunding any loan payments to you that you have already made.
[Top]
11. Internet Access
11.1. If you use your SIM Card in a mobile phone which enables access to the Internet (“Mobile Internet Phone”) the following terms and conditions also apply to you.
11.2. We or our contractual partners may provide links to web sites or resources. We neither accept responsibility for third party web sites or resources nor endorse their content.
11.3. You understand that you, and not us, are entirely responsible for all the visual, textual or other information that you upload, email or otherwise transmit via Internet access, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted.
11.4. Your dealings with, and interest in, promotions, services, or merchants found by using your Mobile Internet Phone on or via the Internet are solely between you and the person with whom you are dealing, unless explicitly stated by us. We will not be responsible for any losses or damages that may arise from any such dealings with third parties.
11.5. Access to secure financial transactions will be dependent on the make and model of your Mobile Internet Phone and the third party supplier of Content.
11.6. giffgaff is a signatory to the Open Internet Code of Practice and as such are committed to being open and transparent about any traffic management policies. Please see our Key Facts Indicator for more information.
[Top]
12. Limitation of Liability
12.1. Our liability shall not be limited to you in respect of death or personal injury to any person resulting from our own negligence and any other type of liability which we cannot exclude or limit under the laws of England and Wales.
12.2. Subject to Clause 12.1, we have no liability to you:
* a) other than to exercise the reasonable care and skill of a competent mobile telecommunications provider or retailer;
* b) if we cannot provide the Service to you because of something beyond our reasonable control;
* c) for losses that haven’t resulted naturally from our breach or that we couldn’t have foreseen, or loss of profit, loss of business, costs, expenses or any other form of financial loss. Nor shall we be liable to you for any loss of income, business or profits (including loss of revenue) or for any loss of data in connection with your use of the Service; or 0cf333
* d) for the deletion, loss or corruption of any Content transmitted or maintained by the Network, unless caused by our negligence. 0cf333
12.3. Subject to Clause 12.1, our liability to you under the Terms and Conditions will not exceed £3,000.
12.4. We will provide you with compensation that you are entitled to in accordance with your legal rights.
[Top]
13. Cancellation Rights
Your right to cancel
13.1. Subject to Clause 13.2 below, you are entitled to cancel your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions at any time up to 14 days after placing your order for the Service (the “Cooling-Off Period”), provided that you cancel in accordance with our cancellation policy or notify us in writing to Member Services. This does not affect your statutory rights.
13.2. Please note that by using your activated SIM Card you will be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions. You agree that the Service may start before the end of the Cooling-Off Period. If you have used airtime credit or Bundle prior to cancellation you will not be refunded the used airtime credit or such proportion of the Bundle that you have used as calculated by us.
Our rights to bar or disconnect your SIM Card
13.3. Your SIM Card will be disconnected unless, at least once every six months, your Account is used to:
* a) make at least one call, SMS or MMS to another number (not including calls to emergency services or Member Services);
* b) make at least one connection to the Internet;
* c) make at least one airtime credit or Bundle purchase
13.4. If your SIM Card is disconnected, you will lose any remaining credit or Bundle balance on your Account. giffgaff recycles numbers and we will not be able to reconnect once a number is disconnected and recycled. giffgaff may reconnect you if any disconnection was due to our negligence.
[Top]
14. Mobile phone locking
Your mobile phone may be locked to another Network. If this is the case, be aware that unlocking your handset may invalidate your handset's warranty and/or permanently damage the handset or the data stored on it, and does not excuse you from any contractual obligations you may have with the original Network owner. Failure to enter the correct unlocking code may result in your mobile phone becoming permanently blocked. We are not responsible for mobile phones blocked in this way.
[Top]
15. Promotions
From time to time we may invite you to take up offers, additional services or promotions. Those offers, additional services, or promotions may have additional terms and conditions. See promotional terms
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change our Terms and Conditions from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to these terms by posting them on our website at giffgaff.com. We may also notify you by voicemail, text or media message, by means of national advertising campaigns or by email.
[Top]
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
17.1. Your information is treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
17.2 You authorise us to use and disclose, in the UK and abroad, information about (i) you, your use of the Service (including, but not limited to, phone numbers and email addresses of calls, texts and other communications made and received by you and the date, duration, time and cost of such communications), (ii) how you conduct your account and (iii) the location of your mobile phone, for the purposes of operating your account and providing you with the Service or as required under law to our associated companies or agents, any telecommunications company, debt collection agency or credit reference agency. You agree that the information may be used by other parties in assessing applications for credit from you and members of your household and for debt tracing, credit management and may be used by us or other parties for crime and fraud detection and prevention.
17.3 If you joined us after 25 May 2018, neither we nor third parties will ever send you marketing information unless you have positively consented to our doing so when you registered with us or under the My profile and settings tab of your Account.
17.4 You can change your marketing contact preferences at any time through the contact preferences section of your Account (which can be found in My profile and settings). If you're not a registered Member yet, and you wish to opt-out of communications from us, send an email to removeme@giffgaff.co.uk. Neither we nor third parties will ever send marketing information to Members who are opted out of receiving it.
[Top]
18. General
18.1. If either of us fails to enforce our rights under the Terms and Conditions, it shall not prevent either of us from taking action later.
18.2. Each sub-clause in these Terms and Conditions operates separately. If any part is found by a court to be unreasonable or inapplicable the other parts will continue to apply.
18.3. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
[Top]
19. How to Contact Us
If you need to contact giffgaff Member Service please visit giffgaff.com and click on ‘Contact Us’. The European Online Dispute Resolution site ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ allows consumers to submit disputes relating to online purchases with us. If you're unhappy with any part of our service and want to make a complaint please check our Complaints code of practice. This includes the latest information on alternative dispute resolutions.
Privacy Policy
The following privacy policy applies from the 09th May 2018
1. What do you do with my personal data?
We use your data to provide you, and other giffgaffers, great services. That includes doing things like:
* Improving our products and services for you and other giffgaffers including managing the network to ensure everyone gets the best experience, performing market research to understand our members views and personalising our experiences to make our service more intuitive & engaging;
* Providing you with the products and services you have selected, keeping you up-to-date and informed and responding to your enquiries such as notifying you when you are running low in your goodybag, confirming your payback rewards or highlighting giffgaff promotions and competitions we think you will be interested in;
* Legal, regulatory or business reasons such as assisting with crime and fraud prevention, assessing credit risk when provisioning loans and ensuring we provide the products and services you have selected.
More info
[Top]
2. How long will you keep my personal data?
We keep information while you're our customer and after you've left us 0cf333
We use your information to provide you with the products and services you have selected and for a variety of other reasons 0cf333
For example, we might need to sort out disagreements, stop fraud and abuse, prove that you had an account with us or follow our legal obligations. Or the police may need it as evidence. We may also keep information about how you use our products or services.
In each case, the length of time that we need to keep the information may be different, but we will only keep the information for as long as we need it 0cf333
More info
[Top]
3. Who do you share my personal data with and why?
We will share your information in the following situations:
* With partners, suppliers, agents and subcontractors who help us deliver the products and services you've chosen to use 0cf333
* When you have provided your consent;
* When we have legal or regulatory requirements such as a request from the competition authority, law enforcement agency or a credit reference agency.
More info
[Top]
4. What data do you hold about me? (and how do you get it?)
We collect information in three ways:
1. Directly from you, such as information filled in within application or registration forms, surveys and community posts;
2. From the products and services you use, such as the calls you make on the giffgaff network, your browsing history including the websites you visit and your location data;
3. From 3rd parties, such as information from credit reference agencies and fraud protection agencies 0cf333
More info
[Top]
5. What rights do I have?
You have the following rights:
* To be informed about how we use your personal data (the purpose of this Privacy policy);
* To update your personal data. You can update or amend your information by visiting the My Details section of my giffgaff. For data not updateable through My giffgaff, you will need to contact us;
* To ask us to delete your personal data. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain it 0cf333
* To get a free copy of your personal data. A subset of your data (limited to data that you have provided to us) is available in a machine-readable format if required;
* To object to the processing of your data and have it restricted. There may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled to refuse that request 0cf333
* To review some automated decision-making or profiling (automated processing to determine certain things about you) 0cf333
* The right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner (www.ico.org.uk) if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us.
More info
[Top]
6. How do I change my marketing preferences?
You can opt in and out of marketing communications at any time by changing your preferences within my giffgaff. You will be able to choose to receive marketing communications about the products and services you have chosen, all marketing communications from giffgaff or options from selected partners.
You can also opt out of marketing communications by following unsubscribe links at the bottom of any marketing emails or text messages received from giffgaff.
We will never give your personal data to a third party for marketing unless you have expressly given us your permission.
[Top]
7. How do you ensure my data is secure?
giffgaff is committed to keeping your data secure. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
More info
[Top]
8. What else can I do to ensure my data is secure?
Along with a section on Privacy, Get Safe Online has plenty of other good advice about protecting yourself online
[Top]
9. How can I contact you?
If you would like more information or would like to raise any queries with us in relation to your information, you can contact us by writing to the Data Protection Officer at:
Data Protection Officer
giffgaff
Hertz House
11 Vine Street
Uxbridge
UB8 1QE
[Top]
10. Changes to this Privacy policy
We will check this policy from time to time and post any changes here.
We may also let you know about these changes by email, voicemail, text or media message or via a national advertising campaign.
[Top]
11. Resolving Privacy Issues
We will always try our best to resolve any data privacy issue you may have. You have the right to refer any data privacy issue to the Information Commissioner's Office at any time.
 
Terms & Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply from the 31st August 2018
We know you hate it, we do too, but here's the small print.
We ask you to accept these Terms and Conditions when you order your SIM card and your activation of the Service means that you accept them.
We'll keep these Terms and Conditions up-to-date at giffgaff.com at the link at the bottom of every page. If we make a significant change, we’ll contact you to let you know or post information on our Forum.
Here’s a summary of some important terms:
* If you have a goodybag or gigabag, your inclusive allowance covers standard mainland UK calls, texts and data and roaming within the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. Special numbers and services (such as roaming charges, international calls, premium rate numbers and some 08 numbers) are not included. Sometimes the allowances may change, but we’ll always let you know in advance if they do. Check giffgaff.com for more details about Charges and our latest rates so you know how much your usage will cost you.
* Our Service isn’t available everywhere in the UK. You can check predicted network coverage in your area by using our Network Service Checker. The Services are not fault-free and the speed and quality of your connection, for example, can be affected by things like the thickness of the walls of the building you’re in, technical issues and the number of members near you trying to access the Services at the same time. We’ll carry out maintenance on the Network from time to time. We use reasonable skill and care in providing you with the Services and will attempt to re-perform disrupted Services when possible.
* Content on your device can sometimes contain minor defects or bugs, so it’s a good idea to always keep your Content up-to-date.
* If we believe you’re using the Service fraudulently, illegally, in a way that harms our Network or the experience of others, or for business use (amongst other things) we will cancel your Service.
Contents:
1.Explanation of Certain Words
2. Provision of Service
3. Your use of the Service
4. The Charges
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
6. Bundles
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
8. Our Website
9. Device Orders
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
11. Internet Access
12. Limitation of Liability
13. Cancellation Rights
14. Mobile phone locking
15. Promotions
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
18. General
19. How to Contact Us
[Top]
1. Explanation of Certain Words
1.1. In these Terms and conditions:
"Account"
means the giffgaff account which records details of the amount of airtime balance you have, from time to time;
"Affiliates"
means Means members or companies who have officially join or become attached to giffgaff;
"AIT"
means Artificially Inflated Traffic, which occurs where the flow of calls, texts or data, which could be in connection with a revenue share service, is disproportionate to the flow of calls, texts or data that would be expected from good faith commercial practice and usage of the Network;
"Auto Top-up"
means a recurring payment method that enables you to automatically top up the credit on your Account by an amount that you have previously selected;
"Blog"
means the community blog webpage on giffgaff.com;
"Bundle"
means a certain Service allowance for use in conjunction with a SIM Card and a mobile phone device as may change from time to time and as described on giffgaff.com;
"Charges"
means all the prices associated with the Service as described on giffgaff.com;
"Community Guidelines"
means the guidelines regulating your involvement in the giffgaff community as published here;
"Content"
means textual, visual or other information, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sound and other material appearing on or available through the Service including all information supplied by content providers from time to time;
“EU and selected destinations”
means Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Guadeloupe, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Martinique, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Reunion Islands, Romania, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Vatican City;
"Forum"
means the community forum webpage on giffgaff.com;
"gigabag"
means a data-only Bundle;
"goodybag"
means a Bundle including minutes, texts and data;
"GSM Gateway"
means a device (not designed or adapted to be capable of being used whilst in motion) designed or adapted to be connected by wireless telegraphy to the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator and used solely for the purpose of sending or receiving messages conveyed by means of the Network or the cellular telecommunications system of another Network operator;
"Intellectual Property Rights"
means: (i) any (and any rights subsisting in any) patents, designs, trademarks and trade names (whether registered or unregistered), copyright and related rights, moral rights, database rights, know-how and confidential information; (ii) all other intellectual property rights and similar or equivalent rights anywhere in the world which currently exist or are recognised in the future; and (iii) applications, extensions and renewals in relation to any such rights
"Member"
means an individual engaged in the giffgaff community and a user of the Service;
"Member Services"
means the agents who support Members in their use of the Service, whose contact details are found on giffgaff.com;
"Network"
means the cellular telecommunication system run by Telefónica UK Limited;
"Participation"
means such involvement in giffgaff’s Member community as giffgaff may, from time to time, deem eligible for award of Payback Points, as described in more detail in the Community Guildelines;
"Payback Date"
means the date on which Members receive Payback Points, such date to be specified by giffgaff from time to time;
"Payback Points"means the points you are awarded by us for your Participation;
"Phone"
A device that is able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Queued Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been paid for in advance by a Member, on a one-off basis, to automatically apply on expiry of the Member’s current Bundle;
"Recurring Bundle"
means a Bundle that has been requested by a Member to recur automatically each time the Member’s existing Bundle expires;
"Rights"
means copyright, trademark and other relevant proprietary and Intellectual Property Rights relating to Content;
"Service"
means any or all of the following services: airtime service enabling you to make or receive calls and to send and receive data (via, for example, WAP, GPRS, 3G or 4G) by means of the Network, the ability to send and receive email via the Internet, the ability to access information from the Internet, the ability to access and use the giffgaff blog or forum, and any additional services we agree to provide to you;
"SIM Activation"
means the process of creating an Account, making your first top-up or Bundle purchase and activating a SIM Card online at giffgaff.com;
"SIM Card"
means a card or other device provided to you by giffgaff and bearing a unique telephone number programmed to allow a mobile device to access the Service;
"Spread giffgaff"
means a type of Participation whereby a Member orders a SIM Card via another Member, who then qualifies for Payback Points on activation of that SIM Card;
"Tablet"
A device that is not able to make and receive GSM voice and text calls;
"Terms and Conditions"
means these terms and conditions;
"We", "us", “giffgaff” and "our" 
means giffgaff Limited, 260 Bath Road, Slough, Berkshire, SL1 4DX; and
"You" 
means the Member to whom the Terms and Conditions apply, and it includes a person who we reasonably believe is acting with your authority.
1.2. giffgaff.com contains explanations, definitions, notes and conditions which form part of these Terms and Conditions.
1.3. The Service and any offers, competitions, prize draws, promotions and/or trials made available by us from time to time may be subject to supplemental terms as advertised in our marketing literature and/or as set out on giffgaff.com. Please check giffgaff.comregularly as any such terms may be updated from time to time, and your participation in any such offer, promotion and/or trial will mean you have accepted such terms.
[Top]
2. Provision of Service
2.1 We will provide the Service to you, and you will be entitled to the quality of Service generally provided by a competent mobile telecommunications service provider exercising reasonable skill and care. However, the Service is not fault free and we will not be liable to you if it is impaired by geographic, atmospheric, Network traffic or other conditions or circumstances beyond our control, including but not limited to the following:
* a) The Service is subject to Network coverage and is not available in all parts of the United Kingdom, the EU and selected destinations or in all other countries; and
* b) The Network may from time to time require upgrading, modification, maintenance or other work which may result in partial or complete non-availability of the Service.
2.2. We may exercise our discretion, using reasonable skill and care, to refuse to provide any part of the Service to you. This may involve barring certain numbers from the Service on a temporary or permanent basis, in circumstances where it is necessary for us to do so.
2.3. We will use reasonable endeavours to maintain Content but it may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and is provided on an "as is" basis. You accept that we will not be liable for any action you take in reliance on Content as a condition of us allowing you access to such Content.
2.4. giffgaff (or our agents where relevant) reserve the right to:
* a) Restrict access to certain elements of the Service due to age restrictions; and
* b) Vary Content and/or the technical specification of Service from time to time.
2.5. Occasionally we may need to:
* a) Alter the number of your mobile phone, or any other name, code or number associated with the Service for reasons beyond our control such as where requested to do so by a governmental authority or regulatory body or where we reasonably believe that the alteration will enhance your use of the Service. If this is the case we will give you reasonable notice; and/or
* b) Temporarily suspend the Service (or any part of it) for operational reasons or in an emergency or for your security.
2.6. We will provide you with a SIM Card which shall remain, at all times, our property.
2.7. Maximum call duration is 9 hours.
2.8. Some elements of the Service (including, but not limited to 4G service set-up) may require activation following purchase, which may take up to 24 hours.
2.9. You may only use our services in the EU and selected destinations for periodic travel, like holidays or short breaks. If you’re not genuinely using our services for periodic travel we may have to charge you for, or suspend you from, using our services in the EU and selected destinations.
2.10. The countries covered in the EU and selected destinations may change from time to time and do not include Monaco, Jersey, Guernsey, Isle of Man and Switzerland. Please see our roaming page for details of what countries are included in the EU and selected destinations.
2.11. We may cap your data allowance in the EU and selected destinations. Any use in excess of these caps will be charged at 0.6p. For data level of cap and rates to be charged see our roaming page.
2.12. In the EU and selected destinations, making calls or sending texts to premium rate numbers, directory service numbers and some non-geographic numbers (which can vary over time) aren’t included.
2.13. All use of our services will be subject to our Fair Usage Guidelines. We may suspend or terminate your access to our services in the event that you breach our Fair Usage Guidelines.
[Top]
3. Your use of the Service
3.1. You may only use Content in a way that does not infringe the Rights of others and you must comply with all other instructions issued by us regarding use of Content. You shall not store, modify, transmit, distribute, broadcast, or publish any part of Content other than in compliance with such instruction. The re-selling, copying or incorporation into any other work of part or all of the Content in any form is prohibited save that you may print or download extracts of Content for your personal use only.
3.2. You are solely responsible for evaluating the accuracy and completeness of any Content and the value and integrity of goods and services offered by third parties over the Service. We will not be a party to or in any way responsible for any transaction concerning third party goods and services, except in the case of negligence on our part.
3.3. You must provide us with a current email address and you must maintain this address and advise us promptly of any changes to it. It is your responsibility to verify that your email mailbox is in proper working order and you must assume the risk of all consequences for errors in sending and receiving email, unless caused by our negligence.
3.4. To use some of our Services, for example mobile internet, data, picture messages and text messages, you will need to ensure your mobile device is compatible and enabled.
3.5. Your use of the Services must be for your private, personal and non-commercial purposes. You may only use a device with an IMEI number associated with it on the Network and you will not use or permit anyone else to use your SIM Card:
* a) For any form of automated usage of mobile services;
* b) In such a way that adversely impacts the service to other giffgaff Members;
* c) Fraudulently, illegally or in breach of any law or statutory duty;
* d) To make a call or send a message, to take a picture or video or send, upload, download, use or re-use any material which is offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing, a nuisance (including to our staff) or a hoax, in breach of any Rights or privacy or otherwise unlawful;
* e) To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety as set out in the Communications Act 2003;
* f) Other than in accordance with acceptable use policies of any connected Networks and any relevant Internet standards;
* g) To generate AIT;
* h) via a GSM Gateway so that the Service is provided via the GSM Gateway to third parties; or
* i) To persistently send unsolicited communications,
and you shall, at all times:
* k) Ensure the information you have provided to us in Participation or otherwise is accurate and up-to-date; and
* l) Comply with these Terms and Conditions, our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines and any other supplemental terms and conditions which may be set out in marketing material or on giffgaff.com from time to time;
* m) Ensure any Participation you undertake is done in a manner compliant with all law and regulation, does not generate any serious complaint about you (whether or not it is ultimately proven) and in such a way as to not bring giffgaff into any disrepute;
* n) Not do anything or permit anyone else to do anything which we reasonably think adversely impacts the Service to other giffgaff Members or may adversely affect the Network; and
* o) Not be abusive, make threats, repeatedly cause a nuisance or annoyance or otherwise act illegally towards the giffgaff community, our employees, agents or property.
If giffgaff reasonably suspects you are not acting in accordance with the conditions of this clause, giffgaff reserves its right to impose standard Charges and/or Network protection controls (which may reduce your speed of transmission); remove a Bundle and/or Payback Points from your account or block access to the Internet at any time; prevent you from purchasing further Bundles; remove any free minutes allocated to you; stop your entitlement to Payback Points; and/or bar or suspend your SIM Card from the Service.
3.6. If your SIM Card is lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed or used without your authority, you will contact giffgaff immediately and cooperate with us in our reasonable security and other checks. We reserve the right to bar or suspend your SIM Card where we reasonably suspect it has been lost or stolen.
3.7. You must tell us immediately by emailing datacontroller@giffgaff.co.uk, if anyone makes or threatens to make any claim or issue legal proceedings against you relating to your use of the Service or the Content and you will, at our request, immediately stop the act or acts complained of. If we ask you to, you must confirm the details of the claim(s) in writing.
3.8. If you do not want your number displayed on receiving mobile phones, Key 141 before the number you wish to call. Otherwise you agree that we may allow the display of your telephone number on receiving handsets. Your number will be disclosed in relation to calls you make to emergency services.
[Top]
4. The Charges
4.1. In return for your payment of the Charges we will provide you with the applicable Service.
4.2. You can purchase access to the Service in various ways, including via:
* a) Purchase of one-off airtime credit;
* b) Setting your Account to Auto Top-up;
* c) Buying a one-off Bundle;
* d) Setting your Account to apply a Queued Bundle; and/or
* e) Setting your Account to apply Recurring Bundles.
4.3. You can pay the Charges using a giffgaff-approved top-up voucher, PayPal or debit or credit card that giffgaff accepts. By using PayPal or debit or credit card you confirm it is yours or you have permission from the account holder or cardholder to use it.
4.4. You can make free UK calls, texts, call forwarding and video calls to other Members subject to you topping-up or purchasing a Bundle using a credit/debit card or voucher once every 3 months. Such calls are at no extra cost for the first 60 minutes per call, after which the call will be charged using Charges applicable to standard non-giffgaff UK mobile pricing.
4.5. We may increase or decrease the Charges at any time (including the introduction of prices for aspects of the Service previously provided at no extra cost). Where we increase the Charges significantly for the elements of the Service you are using we will notify you before the changes become effective by email and/or text.
4.6. If you pay for a Service by way of Auto Top up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle you must ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card detail on your Account are kept up to date at least 24 hours in advance of application of any attempted top-up or new bundle. You can cancel any of these options (and obtain a refund in respect of a pre-paid queued bundle) by requesting cancellation at least 24 hours prior to its application, on your account at giffgaff.com
4.7. It is your responsibility to ensure your PayPal, debit or credit card account has sufficient funds to pay for the Charges. We shall not be responsible for any additional charges which may be imposed on you by your bank or card issuer.
4.8. We reserve the right to block or bar your SIM Card if we have reasonable cause to suspect fraudulent use of a PayPal account, credit or debit card.
4.9. We shall have no liability to you in respect of any loss incurred as a result of delayed or incorrect airtime credit top-up, Auto Top-up or Bundle payment.
4.10. If you purchase a Bundle while actively using your airtime credit top-up for Services, please restart your device to ensure your Bundle is used to provide Services to you instead of your airtime credit top-up
4.11. Refunds can only be processed to a saved, valid debit or credit card. PayPal refunds can only be processed to the account used for payment and not a different PayPal address.
4.12. Roaming pricing applies when your SIM Card is used outside of the UK.
4.13. If your SIM Card is lost or stolen:
* a) It shall be your responsibility to contact us as soon as possible, and to cancel any Auto Top-up, Queued Bundle or Recurring Bundle associated with your Account; and
* b) We shall have no obligation to refund you in respect of any airtime credit or active Bundle on your Account.
4.14. You may be charged to receive certain premium rate text messaging services and multimedia messaging services. We will not notify you of charges for premium rate services operated by third parties.
4.15. Unless otherwise stated, a one minute minimum call Charge will apply to all chargeable calls. All calls are charged in one second increments after the first minute.
4.16. Charges include VAT unless otherwise stated.
[Top]
5. Airtime credit and Auto Top-up
5.1. If you select an Auto Top-up option, payment for the pre-selected top-up credit amount will be taken each time your Account credit balance falls beneath £3.00 and we will then notify you the Auto Top-up has been applied by text and email.
5.2. Where you are using airtime credit, each time you use the Service, your airtime credit will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used by reference to the Charges.
5.3. Once credit is applied to your Account, we have no obligation to refund it to you.
5.4. We shall be entitled to suspend or terminate your Auto Top-up selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible.
5.5. The maximum amount of available airtime balance possible per SIM is £350
[Top]
6. Bundles
6.1. We recommend that you activate all of the Bundles which you purchase without delay in order to minimise the likelihood of their terms and/or allowance changing between purchase and activation.
6.2. A Bundle lasts for a month, starting from the moment you successfully make your purchase (i.e. the day of purchase counts as one full day, regardless of the time of purchase, and is included in the monthly period) and the Bundle is allocated to your Account. If you have any remaining Service allowance at the end of this monthly period it will expire and will not be rolled-over into the next month.
The day you first purchase a goodybag is your “goodybag initial purchase date” and it will expire at 23.59 the day before the corresponding day next month. If your goodybag initial purchase date is on a day not contained in the next month, your goodybag will expire on the closest possible day in that month and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start the next day. For example, if you purchase a goodybag on 31 January, it will run until 23.59 on 28 February and (if you have a recurring or queued goodybag) will start again on 1 March.
6.3. Where you have an active Bundle on your Account, each time you use the Service, your Bundle allowance will be reduced according to the duration and type of call/message or the amount of data used.
6.4. Standard out-of-Bundle Charges apply where you have used up any of your Bundle Service allowances and continue to use the associated Service. From time to time, giffgaff may provide functionality to allow you to purchase a new Bundle early. If you elect to take this option your existing Bundle allowance shall be replaced by a new Bundle allowance.
6.5. Bundle Service allowances for calls and texts are for standard UK mobile numbers or standard UK landlines (starting 01 or 02 or 03) only. Picture or video messages and call forwarding are excluded unless otherwise stated. Calls and text messages to other numbers may be charged at out-of-Bundle rates as set out in the Charges.
6.6. We reserve the right to remove or vary the terms and/or allowance of any Bundle (activated or not) from time to time where reasonably necessary (e.g. to improve the service you receive or to manage our costs). Where we vary the terms and/or allowance of a Bundle you are using to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text message and/or email 30 days prior to the change. For queries/complaints go to www.giffgaff.com/support/ask.
6.7. Please note that you will be unable to cancel or claim any refund in respect of a Bundle once it has been activated on your Account. Your legal rights are unaffected.
6.8. From your third goodybag purchase onwards, or from your next goodybag purchase onwards if you’ve already purchased three or more goodybags in the time you’ve been a Member, you’ll receive an extra 1 GB of data free on all goodybags worth £10, £12, £15, £20.
6.9. Bundle allowance details and associated terms can be found on giffgaff.com.
Additional terms in respect of Queued Bundles
6.10. Payment for each Queued Bundle will be taken at the time of purchase, not at the time the Bundle is activated on your Account.
6.11. If you buy a Bundle when another Bundle is active, and if you have used part of your Bundle allowance (as giffgaff may determine) you may have the option of making the new Bundle a Queued Bundle, to be applied once the existing Bundle period expires. Under certain circumstances, you may also start the new Bundle early as outlined in Clause 6.3.
Additional terms in respect of Recurring Bundles
6.12. Payment for each Recurring Bundle will be taken each time a new Bundle is activated on your Account, at which point we will notify you such payment has been taken text and email.
6.13. We shall be entitled to suspend, terminate or change your Recurring Bundle selection at any time, for any reason, and will give you reasonable notice of this where possible. Where we are changing your Recurring Bundle selection to your disadvantage, we will notify you of this by text and/or email.
[Top]
7. Earning Payback Points through Participation
7.1. If you engage in the giffgaff community through Participation, you may be eligible for Payback Points which can be converted into pounds sterling and:
* a) Used to buy airtime credit for your Account;
* b) Where value is at least £10, transfer them to your PayPal account; or
* c) Donated to the giffgaff community’s chosen charity.
7.2. We calculate the Payback Points due to you over certain periods as described on giffgaff.com and as may change from time to time (the “Payback Period”). Following such calculation we shall let you know how many points you have earned and tell you how long you have to decide which of the options described at Clause 7.1 you wish to choose (“Selection Period”).
7.3. We will begin to process Member choices as specified on giffgaff.com and endeavour to complete such processing within 15 days of the end of the Selection Period.
7.4. If you do not notify us how you want to use your Payback Points within the Selection Period, any Payback Points you have accumulated during the last Payback Period shall roll-over into the following Payback Period. Such roll-over only applies once and any Payback Points which have previously rolled over shall be removed from your Account.
7.5. To qualify for Payback Points you must have an active SIM Card at the Payback Date and have successfully made a connecting call or SMS to any mobile or used mobile internet at least once in the 3 months prior to end of the relevant Payback Period.
7.6. If you select a PayPal transfer, you are responsible for providing us with valid PayPal account details. If there is a refund generated from the member-side back to giffgaff the full amount will not be rolled over or paid to a different PayPal address.
7.7. We may suspend or discontinue the Payback Points scheme at any time. In this event we will provide notice on giffgaff.com. You would stop accruing Payback Points but if you are eligible for a payback before the suspension or discontinuation of the Payback Points scheme, we will honour it.
7.8. If your Account becomes inactive (through closure or porting of your mobile telephone number) your Payback Points will be removed.
7.9. You are responsible for any tax implications resulting from your Participation.
7.10. giffgaff's decision as to the value of your Payback is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Spread giffgaff
7.11. In order to qualify for Payback Points under Spread giffgaff Participation:
* a) You must ensure SIM Cards you distribute are only activated by an individual eligible to become a giffgaff Member under these Terms and Conditions, who has not previously been a Member and who intends to be a regular user of the Service, complying with these Terms and Conditions on an ongoing basis (the “New Member”);
* b) The New Member must:
* i. register their details as required to open a new Account; and
* ii. not be barred or disconnected by us from using the Service before the end of the then current Payback Period; and
* c) you must only have distributed SIM Cards through:
* iv. your own physical distribution;
* v. sending a SIM Card directly to a known address in respect of which you have any necessary authorisation required to send such SIM Card; and/or
* vi. requests made of you through social media or your own website that you control.
7.12. All new Members will get an additional £5 bonus credit if they use any of the Spread giffgaff promotion methods described in Clause 7.11(c) of these Terms and Conditions within six weeks (42 days) of activating their own SIM Card. The £5 bonus credit will only be applied to the first Spread giffgaff activation that takes place during such six week period. The credit will be applied within five working days of the Spread giffgaff activation.
7.13. We reserve the right to remove or not award Payback Points where:
* a) you have Participated in Spread giffgaff other than in compliance with Clause 7.11 above;
* b) multiple SIM Cards have been activated or used in the same device;
* c) where the New Member hasn’t used or continued to top-up their Account (as we may consider in our sole discretion);
* d) you have used methods of promotion or distribution, or related strategy, that we (in our sole discretion) consider inappropriate, which shall include, but not be limited to:
* i. infringing or violating trademark or other rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* ii. using promotional content other than provided to you by giffgaff which we deem inappropriate (and you shall forward any claims or complaints you may receive in connection with any promotional content to giffgaff immediately, and remove it immediately upon giffgaff's request);
* iii. giffgaff does not allow affiliates to bid on brand terms, nor are affiliates allowed to use these within a display URL in any PPC advertising. This also includes misspellings of the brand. Affiliates are now permitted to link directly to giffgaff’s site. You must not bid on any terms relating to any competitor of giffgaff. Any affiliates found to be doing so will be removed from the programme or not been awarded Payback points.using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* iv. giffgaff reserves the right to approve affiliates on exceptional cases to bid on relevant keywords. Explicit approval is required and all keywords must be pre-approved by giffgaff but on after direct written approval from giffgaff.
* v. using sites that include a giffgaff trademark, or the terms ‘giffgaff’, ‘giff-gaff’ or any variation thereof in the main URL structure (i.e. http://www.giffgaff-sim-cards.co.uk/). You may include giffgaff as part of a subdirectory (i.e. example.com/giffgaff), or a subdomain (i.e. giffgaff.example.com);
* vi. impersonating giffgaff or promoting giffgaff in any way, including, but not limited to, via graphical images, logos, text or editorial copy, press releases or marks, that (i) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff; (ii) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; (iii) infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party; (iv) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or (v) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these terms and conditions or with any provision of law. We may at our discretion ask you to modify your promotional material or clearly state that your site is not official and to include links to giffgaff.com.
* vii. using sexually explicit materials or hate/ violent/ offensive content;
* viii. promoting discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
* ix. promoting illegal activities or otherwise, violate any applicable laws (this includes SPAM). If you want to send out any emails that advertise or promote giffgaff, you will need giffgaff's approval. Emails or other communications must comply with all applicable law including laws relating to data protection and privacy and electronic marketing
* x. not clearly stating an online privacy policy to visitors to a site;
* xi. using fraudulent means to prompt clicks; or
* xii. anything else which we might consider inappropriate and/or likely to bring giffgaff into disrepute.
7.14. We will keep our right, title and interest in the giffgaff names, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyrights, including those that we may use or develop in the future. Any goodwill resulting from your use of giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks and copyright will not create any right, title or interest for you as a distributor of SIM Cards.
7.15. You will maintain the quality of your distribution services at a level satisfactory to giffgaff and notifying giffgaff of any problems with your participation in this distribution promotion. You shall provide us, on request, with any information we may reasonable require from time to time in connection with your distribution activity.
7.16. You confirm that:
* a) your promotion of giffgaff does not (i) infringe on giffgaff's or any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) contain defamatory or libellous material; (iv) contain lewd, pornographic or obscene material; (vii) contain viruses, Trojan horses, or other similar harmful programmes;
* b) if you are promoting giffgaff using a website, you have and comply with a privacy policy that is prominently displayed on your website; and
* c) you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless giffgaff and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all liability, claims, losses, damages, injuries or expenses (including reasonable legal fees) brought by a third party, arising out of a breach, or alleged breach, of any of your representations or obligations.
7.17. giffgaff may terminate the Spread giffgaff scheme at any time, for any reason and if it notifies you of this you must immediately stop any distribution activity and stop using giffgaff's name, logos, trademarks, service marks or creative work.
Super Recruiters
7.18. The Super Recruiter Programme (the “Programme") is open to a worldwide audience aged 16 years or over (“Participants”).
7.19. To qualify for the Programme a Participant must recruit 15 or more new Members in their lifetime.
7.20. Participants will start at level 1 (‘Apprentice’) when enrolled onto the Programme. Depending on the number of new Members they recruit ("Recruit(s)") each month they can change between the levels. Levels are calculated monthly based on an average over 3 months. Level 1 (‘Apprentice') is for Participants who recruit up to 14 Recruits in 3 months, Level 2 (‘Expert’) is for Participants who recruit between 15 and 119 Members in 3 months, and Level 3 (‘Master’) is for Participants who recruit 120 or more Members in 3 months. Each level offers different rewards and incentives. Participants can order up to 30 SIM Cards per month, but giffgaff may agree to increase that limit, depending on the likely number needed (the allowance is usually only increased for Masters). giffgaff reserves the right to change a Participant’s level and SIM Card allowance for any reason at any time on reasonable notice. giffgaff also reserves the right to change rewards and incentives available within each level at any time.
7.21. Participants will receive monthly ‘Top-up rewards’ in cash via PayPal if their Recruit tops up, either as credit or a goodybag purchase (but not a queued goodybag purchased previously). The Participant will receive a maximum of two monthly rewards per Recruit if the Recruit tops up twice within 120 days of activating their SIM Card. Top-ups on the same day as activation will be ineligible for super recruiter rewards under the Programme.
7.22. Any and all undisputed and accrued ‘Top up rewards’ will be paid to Participants as close as possible to day 15 of the month, following the month in which the reward was earned. This means that where, for example, Top up rewards are earned right at the end of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 15 days later. Where Top up rewards are earned right at the beginning of the month, Participants would receive payment approximately 45 days later. Payments will be paid by PayPal into the account nominated by the Participant for this purpose.
7.23. Participants are responsible for:
* a) providing giffgaff with correct and up-to-date contact and PayPal account details. If a Participant fails to do so he/she may not receive payment under the Programme. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for such occurrences;
* b) keeping the details provided in their Account complete and accurate at all times. giffgaff reserves the right to request proof of any Participant’s identity at any time for the purpose of verifying that they are who they say they are and are not involved in fraudulent activity. At the point at which identification data is requested we will confirm to you how long such information will be retained and for what purpose. Click here to view our privacy policy, which provides a full explanation of how Participant and Member information is used by giffgaff. If the Participant fails to respond to this request within the reasonable time period specified, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1);
* c) ensuring that (i) under no circumstances are Recruits signed up by the Participant directly and without their consent and that (ii) if for any reason, data belonging to Recruits is provided by Participants, this is done only with the relevant Recruit’s prior consent. If it transpires that a Participant is in breach of (i) or (ii) above, giffgaff may close that Participant’s Account with immediate effect, at which point the Participant will no longer have any rights under these Terms and Conditions, except those rights which cannot be excluded or limited at law (see Clause 12.1).
* d) keeping Account log-in details secure. giffgaff will not be responsible for loss, damage or any other issues arising out of unauthorised access to any Participant’s Account;
* e) keeping a record of payments made to them. giffgaff is not liable for any loss of payment;
* f) complying with any additional terms and conditions imposed on them by their nominated Paypal account; and) any tax liability in their country of residence incurred as a result of taking part in the Programme.
7.24. Note that a Participant shall forfeit their entitlement to any rewards accrued but not yet paid under the Programme if he/she fails to provide correct PayPal details within ninety days of any reward being earned.
7.25. The standard monthly SIM Card allowance for a Participant, unless otherwise agreed, will be 30 SIM Card. The SIM Cards can be ordered from giffgaff.com Participants should allow approximately 14 days for delivery. SIM Cards must be activated in the UK and details about how to activate them can be found here.
7.26. Only SIM Cards ordered from a Participant’s Account through the giffgaff website are capable of qualifying Participants for rewards.
7.27. Participants may use certain promotional content that giffgaff provides to them only for the purpose of finding Recruits (for example, through a Participant-created or third party website ("Participant Websites")). However, Participants must strictly adhere to any and all instructions in respect of the use of such content, including (without limitation) brand guidelines and the giffgaff brand pack available here, which may be issued by giffgaff from time to time and giffgaff may suspend a Participant's use of such promotional content if a Participant does not do so. Participants must forward any claims or complaints they may receive in connection with the promotional content to giffgaff immediately. Participants must also remove such content immediately upon giffgaff’s request and promptly provide evidence of the same.
7.28. Participants may not present or use any content within Participant Websites, including, without limitation, graphical images, logos, text copy, editorial copy, press releases or marks, that:
* a) could be interpreted to suggest that such content has been authored or otherwise provided by, or represents the views or opinions of, giffgaff;
* b) is misleading, defamatory, libellous, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
* c)infringes, derogates, dilutes, or impairs the rights of giffgaff or any third party;
* d) refers to giffgaff but is used as part of a name of a product or service of a company other than giffgaff; or
* e) is used in any other manner inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions or with any provision of law.
7.29. Subject to Clause 7.28, giffgaff hereby grants Participants using or running Participant Websites a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable licence to use the giffgaff logo and material ("Intellectual Property") (in each case provided or made available to Participants by giffgaff) solely for the purpose of finding Recruits, provided that giffgaff will keep its right, title and interest in its Intellectual Property, including those that it may use or develop in the future. Participants hereby assign any rights in and to any goodwill resulting from Participants' use of giffgaff’s Intellectual Property to giffgaff and agree that this will not create any right, title or interest for giffgaff.
7.30. Participants shall not:
* a) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property in any form other than as provided by giffgaff;
* b) vary, amend, alter or change in any way (other than sizing) any of giffgaff's Intellectual Property;
* c) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property other than in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any other written instructions or directions as may be given by giffgaff from time to time; or
* d) use giffgaff's Intellectual Property for any purpose other than for finding Recruits.
7.31. The right of Participants to receive payment is subject to their on-going compliance with these Terms and Conditions. giffgaff may, at its sole discretion, suspend or remove a Participant from the Programme at any time and without notice, and withhold or seek reimbursement of, or payment from any Participant in any circumstances which giffgaff reasonably considers to be serious, including but not limited to the following:
* a) If the Participant has breached these or any other applicable terms and conditions, including but not limited to those relating to giffgaff's Intellectual Property Rights and Participant Websites;
* b) If giffgaff suspects or has reasonable grounds to believe that the Participant has provided incorrect or misleading information to any Member or to giffgaff;
* c) If any Member tops up SIM Cards provided by the Participant using a stolen, invalid or expired credit or debit card or giffgaff is required to refund a credit or debit card provider in respect of any SIM Card top ups;
* d) If giffgaff suspects the Participant or Member is otherwise misusing or interfering in any way with the Programme or the giffgaff Network;
* e) If giffgaff receives a complaint about a Participant; or
* f) If the Participant has otherwise engaged in conduct which may breach any law or regulation or harm giffgaff’s reputation.
7.32. Any individual’s personal information obtained under this Programme will be used in accordance with giffgaff’s Privacy Policy, which is available at giffgaff.com.
7.33. giffgaff accepts no responsibility for any incorrectly completed, lost or delayed registration applications, notices, acceptances or other documents related to the Programme.
7.34. giffgaff may amend, suspend, withdraw or terminate the Programme at any time and for any reason on at least 30 days’ notice, which will be provided by email to Participants and/or on giffgaff’s website and/or on account. Any rewards genuinely accrued before the date on which the Programme is amended, suspended, withdrawn or terminated as appropriate will be paid as provided by these terms.
7.35. All decisions by giffgaff on matters relating to the Programme are final and no correspondence will be entered into.
[Top]
8. Our Website
8.1. Opinions expressed on giffgaff.com are those of the respective contributing users only. Such views do not represent those of giffgaff, its management or employees. giffgaff is not responsible for and disclaims all liability for Content and comments contributed by users.
8.2. You must not use the Blog or Forum to display any material which is:
* a) racist, sexist, homophobic, pornographic, obscene, profane, vulgar;
* b) defamatory of any person, entity or organisation;
* c) abusive, threatening or otherwise likely to be harmful to those persons likely to use the giffgaff site;
* d) in contravention of any relevant local, national or international law or which incites or encourages the contravention of any such law;
* e) otherwise offensive in the opinion of giffgaff;
* f) infringing of the Rights (including the Intellectual Property Rights) of any legal or natural person; or
* g) related to the conduct of a business other than giffgaff.
8.3. You understand that by posting to a Blog or Forum your post/comment can be traced to your specific user account containing your email address, user name, date and time of sign up and IP address at date and time of posting.
8.4. By posting comments on this Blog or Forum, you agree to allow the content to be re-used or quoted by giffgaff without notification.
8.5. giffgaff members under the age of 18 must seek parental or guardian consent prior to contributing to the blog.
8.6. Users sometimes include references to other websites beyond the control of giffgaff. As such giffgaff cannot be held responsible for the content of such websites. We will delete advertising posts as the Blog or Forum is not a means for advertisers to promote their websites or products. giffgaff moderators will decide what is acceptable or not on a case by case basis.
8.6. You shall retain exclusive ownership of all Intellectual Property Rights, as may accrue to you by operation of law, in any posts, material, commentary, ideas that you post on giffgaff.com or any other website run by giffgaff (together the "Posts").
8.7. If your Post or any element of it is accepted or implemented by giffgaff, you hereby agree to grant to giffgaff an irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty free, licence to use, copy, install, maintain, modify, enhance and adapt your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (this licence shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions). giffgaff may also assign its licence to use your Intellectual Property Rights in the Post (or any part thereof) to any third party to which it may outsource the operation of a part of giffgaff's operations or business provided such third party's use, copying, installation, maintenance, modification, enhancement and adaptation is solely for the purpose of providing a service to giffgaff.
8.8. giffgaff shall be the exclusive owner of any Intellectual Property Rights which accrue with respect to any modifications, enhancements and/or adaptations which it makes to the Posts.
[Top]
9. Device Orders
9.1. This Clause 9 only applies if you have purchased your device from us.
9.2. New members will be required to purchase a goodybag as part of their handset order (this does not apply to pre-owned devices). The goodybag is non-refundable without the full return of the device in accordance with term 9.17 and our change of mind policy.
9.3. Charges for devices will be detailed on giffgaff.com. The cost will be payable at the time of purchase either by a cash payment or using a loan arranged by RateSetter (see Clause 10 below).
9.4. Any device that we deliver to you is your responsibility. Once you've received it and paid for it, you own the device. This does not affect your rights to carry out any of the actions set out in 9.5-9.7 below.
9.5. Any returns or refunds in respect of devices purchased from us are subject to our returns policy You may return a device to us once for a full refund within 14 calendar days from the date of delivery and if your device has a fault when it arrives you can return it for replacement or a full refund within 30 days of receiving it.
9.6. If you are entitled to a refund, you will be refunded the full amount that you have paid for the device when we get the device back from you, less any Charges (as outlined in the returns policy). This refund will come from giffgaff and, if you have taken out a loan with RateSetter, then they will also refund you your payments to date.
9.7. We'll bear the reasonable postage costs of you returning the device to us with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging, as long as you follow our returns policy. We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly. We recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received.
9.8. If there is a device fault which develops after 30 days of the device having been delivered to you, then you should book a repair as soon as possible. Your repair could be chargeable if your handset warranty is no longer valid. If another fault has been established on your device, you may be entitled to additional remedies, depending on how long you have had the device for.
9.9. giffgaff only sells unlocked devices, but some manufacturers impose particular requirements as to how a device must be activated in order to function properly, and geographical limitations on where a device can be used. Please check your device packaging and/or user guide for more information.
9.10. We can only deliver to a valid UK address and will deliver within 30 days. There are certain circumstances where your order may be delayed:
* a) orders placed at the weekend or on a bank holiday will require at least one extra working day for delivery (for most postcodes, orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will normally be delivered on a Tuesday);
* b) any unforeseen stock shortages. If this happens, we will notify you of any delay;
* c) certain remote postcodes will require additional time for delivery; and
* d) if we cannot obtain immediate security clearance for payment of your order. The security of our Members is paramount so these checks are essential to combat fraudulent use of payment and address details.
9.11. No orders for devices shall be accepted if received from outside the United Kingdom.
9.12. Despite our best efforts, occasionally products in our online shop may be incorrectly priced and therefore we cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted. In addition, details may be updated from time to time and are subject to change. If we discover a pricing error, or there is a change in price before dispatch, we will contact you to reconfirm your order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable time, we may cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Unless otherwise stated, prices are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
9.13. You must ensure that prior to placing an order you have checked all relevant details about the products and/or services you have selected. All products and services advertised are subject to availability.
9.14. The information displayed on giffgaff.com, including prices, does not constitute an offer to enter into a sale agreement and neither we, nor any third parties that offer services via giffgaff.com shall be obliged to accept your orders. If we do, acceptance will be confirmed by email (to the email address supplied by you when the order was placed) and in our dispatching of the Device to you. Where products are sent separately, our acceptance will relate only to those products actually dispatched.
9.15. One-off payment can be made by Mastercard, Visa, or Visa Debit and payment will be taken from you when the order is placed. You confirm that the credit or debit card that is being used is yours. All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card does not, for any reason, authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
9.16. Only Members can purchase handsets from us.
9.17. If you cancel your order and return your handset in accordance with our returns policy, you will also be entitled to a refund on your goodybag. You will only receive a refund for your goodybag if your SIM Card has not been activated. You do not need to return your SIM Card to us and you will need to contact an agent independently of returning your handset to receive a refund on your goodybag.
9.18. You may purchase ‘nearly new’ devices which we refer to as ‘refurbished’ devices. These have been returned under the 14-day Change of Mind Policy with no reported faults. They have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality, and have been returned to their original condition. Nearly new devices are not provided in original packaging and come with a data cable. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 12-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you buy a nearly new device.
9.19. You may also purchase devices which have been through a recycling programme which we refer to as ‘pre-owned’ devices. These devices have been tested to ensure that they are fit for purpose and of satisfactory quality so that they are ready for use. These devices are not provided in original packaging but come with a data cable and a SIM key. No other accessories or user guides are included. They include a 6-month warranty. Your legal rights won’t be affected if you purchase a recycled device
9.20. If you purchase your phone on a date which is covered within the giffgaff free phone accessories voucher offer, you will receive a free phone accessories voucher. The voucher code will be emailed to you 15 days after the date of the phone purchase and valid until the date specified T&Cs of the offer
9.21. Phone accessories vouchers can be claimed at phonegoodies.co.uk and are valid against the cost of products sold within the online store, excluding any delivery costs. The vouchers are valid for a single use only and are not exchangeable for cash.
9.22. As our free phone accessories vouchers are valid for a white label site controlled and supplied by Kondor, their terms and conditions also apply to purchases and the redemption of the vouchers.
9.23. Nothing in this Clause 9 affects your statutory rights.
[Top]
10. giffgaff Member lending scheme
10.1. This Clause 10 only applies if you have applied for a loan facilitated by RateSetter's loan exchange service through giffgaff money, or when purchasing a device on giffgaff.com where such purchase is facilitated by such a loan.
10.2. The facilitation of your loan is provided as a service to you by RateSetter. In order to take out your loan you will have entered into a contract with RateSetter, and also a loan agreement with the lender you’re matched with via RateSetter’s exchange. Although we may provide you, via giffgaff.com, with information about your loan, this information is provided to us by RateSetter and you should contact RateSetter if you have any queries or wish to take any action in respect of the loan.
10.3. In order to assess whether or not RateSetter are able to provide you with a loan via its exchange, RateSetter will carry out an independent credit check on you and will use the exchange to identify if there is a suitable lender available. If RateSetter is not satisfied with the credit check results or if there is no suitable lender available to lend at the applicable interest rate, then RateSetter will not be able to facilitate a loan for you.
10.4. If you exercise your right to cancel a purchase paid with a loan, in accordance with Clause 9.4 above, or the returns policy, you will be deemed to have terminated your loan agreement arranged via RateSetter and we will return the related monies we originally received to fund your device (in the event of handset loans) to RateSetter. RateSetter will remain responsible for refunding any loan payments to you that you have already made.
[Top]
11. Internet Access
11.1. If you use your SIM Card in a mobile phone which enables access to the Internet (“Mobile Internet Phone”) the following terms and conditions also apply to you.
11.2. We or our contractual partners may provide links to web sites or resources. We neither accept responsibility for third party web sites or resources nor endorse their content.
11.3. You understand that you, and not us, are entirely responsible for all the visual, textual or other information that you upload, email or otherwise transmit via Internet access, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted.
11.4. Your dealings with, and interest in, promotions, services, or merchants found by using your Mobile Internet Phone on or via the Internet are solely between you and the person with whom you are dealing, unless explicitly stated by us. We will not be responsible for any losses or damages that may arise from any such dealings with third parties.
11.5. Access to secure financial transactions will be dependent on the make and model of your Mobile Internet Phone and the third party supplier of Content.
11.6. giffgaff is a signatory to the Open Internet Code of Practice and as such are committed to being open and transparent about any traffic management policies. Please see our Key Facts Indicator for more information.
[Top]
12. Limitation of Liability
12.1. Our liability shall not be limited to you in respect of death or personal injury to any person resulting from our own negligence and any other type of liability which we cannot exclude or limit under the laws of England and Wales.
12.2. Subject to Clause 12.1, we have no liability to you:
* a) other than to exercise the reasonable care and skill of a competent mobile telecommunications provider or retailer;
* b) if we cannot provide the Service to you because of something beyond our reasonable control;
* c) for losses that haven’t resulted naturally from our breach or that we couldn’t have foreseen, or loss of profit, loss of business, costs, expenses or any other form of financial loss. Nor shall we be liable to you for any loss of income, business or profits (including loss of revenue) or for any loss of data in connection with your use of the Service; or
* d) for the deletion, loss or corruption of any Content transmitted or maintained by the Network, unless caused by our negligence.
12.3. Subject to Clause 12.1, our liability to you under the Terms and Conditions will not exceed £3,000.
12.4. We will provide you with compensation that you are entitled to in accordance with your legal rights.
[Top]
13. Cancellation Rights
Your right to cancel
13.1. Subject to Clause 13.2 below, you are entitled to cancel your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions at any time up to 14 days after placing your order for the Service (the “Cooling-Off Period”), provided that you cancel in accordance with our cancellation policy or notify us in writing to Member Services. This does not affect your statutory rights.
13.2. Please note that by using your activated SIM Card you will be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions. You agree that the Service may start before the end of the Cooling-Off Period. If you have used airtime credit or Bundle prior to cancellation you will not be refunded the used airtime credit or such proportion of the Bundle that you have used as calculated by us.
Our rights to bar or disconnect your SIM Card
13.3. Your SIM Card will be disconnected unless, at least once every six months, your Account is used to:
* a) make at least one call, SMS or MMS to another number (not including calls to emergency services or Member Services);
* b) make at least one connection to the Internet;
* c) make at least one airtime credit or Bundle purchase
13.4. If your SIM Card is disconnected, you will lose any remaining credit or Bundle balance on your Account. giffgaff recycles numbers and we will not be able to reconnect once a number is disconnected and recycled. giffgaff may reconnect you if any disconnection was due to our negligence.
[Top]
14. Mobile phone locking
Your mobile phone may be locked to another Network. If this is the case, be aware that unlocking your handset may invalidate your handset's warranty and/or permanently damage the handset or the data stored on it, and does not excuse you from any contractual obligations you may have with the original Network owner. Failure to enter the correct unlocking code may result in your mobile phone becoming permanently blocked. We are not responsible for mobile phones blocked in this way.
[Top]
15. Promotions
From time to time we may invite you to take up offers, additional services or promotions. Those offers, additional services, or promotions may have additional terms and conditions. See promotional terms
16. Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change our Terms and Conditions from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to these terms by posting them on our website at giffgaff.com. We may also notify you by voicemail, text or media message, by means of national advertising campaigns or by email.
[Top]
17. Use and Disclosure of Information
17.1. Your information is treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
17.2 You authorise us to use and disclose, in the UK and abroad, information about (i) you, your use of the Service (including, but not limited to, phone numbers and email addresses of calls, texts and other communications made and received by you and the date, duration, time and cost of such communications), (ii) how you conduct your account and (iii) the location of your mobile phone, for the purposes of operating your account and providing you with the Service or as required under law to our associated companies or agents, any telecommunications company, debt collection agency or credit reference agency. You agree that the information may be used by other parties in assessing applications for credit from you and members of your household and for debt tracing, credit management and may be used by us or other parties for crime and fraud detection and prevention.
17.3 If you joined us after 25 May 2018, neither we nor third parties will ever send you marketing information unless you have positively consented to our doing so when you registered with us or under the My profile and settings tab of your Account.
17.4 You can change your marketing contact preferences at any time through the contact preferences section of your Account (which can be found in My profile and settings). If you're not a registered Member yet, and you wish to opt-out of communications from us, send an email to removeme@giffgaff.co.uk. Neither we nor third parties will ever send marketing information to Members who are opted out of receiving it.
[Top]
18. General
18.1. If either of us fails to enforce our rights under the Terms and Conditions, it shall not prevent either of us from taking action later.
18.2. Each sub-clause in these Terms and Conditions operates separately. If any part is found by a court to be unreasonable or inapplicable the other parts will continue to apply.
18.3. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
[Top]
19. How to Contact Us
If you need to contact giffgaff Member Service please visit giffgaff.com and click on ‘Contact Us’. The European Online Dispute Resolution site ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ allows consumers to submit disputes relating to online purchases with us. If you're unhappy with any part of our service and want to make a complaint please check our Complaints code of practice. This includes the latest information on alternative dispute resolutions.
2. OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE
2.1 Lycamobile will provide the Services to you using its own Network and the Networks of one or more telecommunications operators. Occasionally any of these Networks may be unavailable for maintenance, modifications, upgrades, emergencies or to protect the security of the Network. At these times the Services may be temporarily unavailable.
2.2 Mobile telephony is a form of wireless communication and operates on the basis of the transmission of radio and signal frequencies. The transmission of these radio and signal frequencies may be affected by congestion on the Network due to the number of calls or messages or the amount of data being sent and received.
2.3 The transmission of the radio and signal frequencies may also be affected by the location of the base stations, obstacles such as buildings or underpasses, and by external factors such as geographic or atmospheric conditions. The Services may also be affected by the quality of the GSM mobile telephone chosen and used by you.
2.4 The Roaming Services are subject to the roaming contracts and service quality levels that have been agreed between other national and international telecommunications operators. Lycamobile does not have any control over the contracts or service quality levels agreed between these telecommunications operators.
2.5 For the reasons described above, Lycamobile does not warrant or guarantee that the Services will be uninterrupted or error free (in terms of Network availability, quality or coverage) in all locations at all times, or that the Services will be suitable for your specific requirements, or that the Services will be completely secure against unauthorised interception 0cf333 .
2.6 Lycamobile will endeavour to keep any disruption to the Services to a minimum; however Lycamobile will not be liable to you for any loss, damage or inconvenience incurred by you as a result of any disruption to the Services for the reasons described above.
2.7 Associated with your SIM Card is the PIN code (personal identification number) and the PUK code (personal unlocking key). 0cf333 The PIN and PUK codes must never be kept together. 0cf333 You will take every necessary precaution to preserve the secrecy of your PIN and PUK codes. 0cf333 You will be liable for any fraudulent or improper use of your SIM Card or Account that results from the intentional or accidental disclosure of your PIN or PUK code or the transfer of your SIM Card to another person 0cf333 .
2.8 Our Customer Services Department can supply details of the other mobile operators we have porting arrangements with from time-to-time.
3. SIM CARD
3.1 The SIM Card is used by inserting it into a compatible GSM mobile telephone. When the SIM Card has been inserted and you have registered or activated your Account, you will have access to, and be able to use, the Services.
3.2 The SIM Card remains the exclusive property of Lycamobile. 0cf333 You must retain the SIM Card and not lose or damage the SIM Card. Lycamobile will only replace a SIM Card where it is found to be defective by reason of faulty workmanship or design. 0cf333 Lycamobile may charge you for a replacement SIM Card where Lycamobile reasonably believes that you are responsible for the loss or damage of your original SIM Card or where someone has stolen your original SIM Card. 0cf333 It is your responsibility to promptly inform Lycamobile of any loss, damage or theft to your SIM Card, or any fraudulent or improper use of your SIM Card. 0cf333 You agree that once you start using the Services or the Top Up Services you will lose any right to cancel this Agreement under distance selling legislation 0cf333 .
3.3 If you do not use your SIM Card to make a voice call, or send a message or data, or if you do not purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services, for a period of ninety (90) days from the date you registered or activated your Account or your last use of the Services (whichever is later), Lycamobile will contact you by SMS or e-mail advising you that your SIM Card will be deactivated. Lycamobile will then provide you with an additional thirty (30) days to make a voice call, send a message or data, or purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services.
3.4 If you make a voice call, send a message or data, or purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services within the additional thirty (30) day period, your SIM Card will remain active. Any previous credit balance in your Account will remain available for you to use, and you will be able to access and use the Services.
3.5 If you do not make a voice call, send a message or data, or purchase a top-up using the Top-Up Services within the additional thirty (30) day period, your SIM Card will be deactivated 0cf333 . If the SIM Card is deactivated, your specific telephone number will be reallocated to another Customer, you will not be able to access or use the Services, and you will not be entitled to a refund of any credit balance in your Account 0cf333 .
4. TOP-UP SERVICES
4.1 The Services are prepaid services. 0cf333 You are required to Top Up in advance so your Account is in credit. As Charges are incurred they will be deducted from the amount credited to your Account. 0cf333 No bill or invoice or statement will be issued to you. 0cf333 You may check your credit balance from time-to-time by calling our Customer Services Department 0cf333 .
4.2 You pay for the Services by topping-up your Account using any one of the Top-Up Services available from Lycamobile. You may use the Top-Up Services at any time after registration or activation of your Account. There are several ways that you may top-up your Account:
You may purchase a Top-Up Voucher at any participating retail outlet and activate the PIN code by following the dialling instructions on the Top-Up Voucher. You may also activate the PIN code for a Top-Up Voucher purchased at a participating retail outlet by using the Online Top-Up Service.
You may register your details with Lycamobile, purchase a Top-Up Voucher online and activate the PIN Code by using the Online Top-Up service.
You may register your details with Lycamobile and subscribe to “My Lycamobile” and the Auto Top-Up Facility.
You may register your details with Lycamobile and then contact the Customer Services Department.
4.3 If you top-up your Account within ninety (90) days from the date you registered or activated your Account or your last use of the Services (whichever is later), the amount of the top-up credit you purchased will be added to the credit balance in your Account at the time of your top-up.
4.4 The credit balance in your Account may only be used for the Services. You are not entitled to receive any cash refund for any credit balance remaining in your Account at any time, including where you fail to use the Services and your SIM Card has been deactivated or where this Agreement has been terminated.
4.5 Interest is not payable on any credit balance in your Account. Each time you use the Services (or someone else uses your GSM mobile telephone) the credit balance in your Account will be reduced for the voice call, message or data you are making or sending according to the destination and the current Charges.
4.6 From 5 August 2014 any new top up credit shall expire ninety [90] days from the date of top-up or recharge. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not apply to the existing credit balance in your Account before 5 August 2014.
4.7 Each call is charged excluding VAT to 3 decimal places. All calls for that month are aggregated and then rounded using normal rounding rules (if the last digit is a 4 or lower we’ll round down, otherwise we’ll round up). Where applicable, VAT (at the prevailing rate) is then added to the total of all charges on your bill, with the VAT part of the charge being rounded down to the nearest penny
4.8 A standard text message is 160 characters long. You can send longer ones on some handsets. A longer text is divided into the number of standard texts required to convey the message. Each text will be charged at the standard rate for your price plan. We do not guarantee delivery of any text or MMS message you send
5. ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
5.1 You agree to use the SIM Card in a compatible GSM mobile telephone for the purpose of using the Services.
5.2 You agree not to use the SIM Card or the Services and not to permit another person to use your SIM Card or the Services:
fraudulently or in connection with a criminal offence;
For the purpose of making an unsolicited communication or storing and/ or communicating any material which is offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing, a nuisance or a hoax, or which is a breach of privacy, an infringement of copyright, or is otherwise unlawful,
To knowingly and deliberately cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to another person,
To make any offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing call to any Customer Services Department representative,
To transmit a virus or other malicious software, use the Services in a manner that impairs the operation or security of the Network or may cause death, personal injury or damage to property,
with equipment that is not approved for use with the Network, including, but not limited to, SIM-boxes and SIM-gateways, and
To support calls to call forwarding services, onward calling services or calls to telephone numbers which pay a revenue share or resell to others or commercially exploit our Services.
otherwise than in line with the conditions of this Agreement.
5.3 If Lycamobile reasonably suspects that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of clause 5.2, Lycamobile shall have the right to suspend, partially or fully, your access to the Services and/ or terminate this Agreement without prior notice and with immediate effect. If Lycamobile terminates this Agreement for this reason, your SIM Card will be deactivated. If the SIM Card is deactivated, your specific telephone number will be reallocated to another Customer, you will not be able to access or use the Services, and you will not be entitled to a refund of any credit balance in your Account.
5.4 Upon activation of a SIM Card, the purchase of a Top-Up Voucher or the use of the Top-Up Services, you may be required to register your Personal Data with Lycamobile, such as your name, address, date of birth, credit card or debit card details. If Lycamobile determines that the Personal Data that you provide is false, Lycamobile shall have the right to suspend, partially or fully, your access to the Services and/ or terminate this Agreement without prior notice and with immediate effect 0cf333 . If Lycamobile terminates this Agreement for this reason, your SIM Card will be deactivated. If the SIM Card is deactivated, your specific telephone number will be reallocated to another Customer, you will not be able to access or use the Services, and you will not be entitled to a refund of any credit balance in your Account.
5.5 If the use of any bundle or plan that includes ‘unlimited’ calls or texts provided as part of the service exceeds the amount reasonably expected of a person using the service for personal purposes, we reserve the right to 0cf333
Restrict your service 0cf333
5.6 Lycamobile reserves the right, in its absolute discretion (and without prior notice), to restrict or prevent access to certain websites and services over its Network, including Voice over Internet Protocol (‘VoIP’) services. 0cf333 When we decide to restrict or prevent access under this paragraph, you may receive a message stating that the website or service is “not available” 0cf333 .
6. DATA PROTECTION AND PERSONAL DATA
6.1 Lycamobile will only generate, collect, use, process and store your Personal Data in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, as amended from time to time.
6.2 Lycamobile has implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss or alteration, or unauthorised or unlawful storage, processing, access or disclosure.
6.3 By registering or activating an Account with Lycamobile, you consent to Lycamobile collecting, processing and sharing Personal Data provided by you or generated in the course of supplying the Services to you, including details of voice calls, messages or data that you have sent (“Traffic Data”) and the geographic position of your GSM mobile telephone (“Location Data”) for the purpose of:
 supplying the Products and Services to you,
 the administration of your Account by the Customer Services Department,
 providing you with service information, for example about Network faults,
 the prevention or detection of fraud,
 market research and profiling your usage and purchase preferences, and
 complying with applicable laws and regulations.
6.4 For Lycamobile to perform its obligations under this Agreement, Lycamobile may need to disclose your Personal Data to other companies that will process your Personal Data on behalf of Lycamobile. These third parties are permitted to use your data only in accordance with our instructions and the law.
6.5 Lycamobile may also need to transfer your Personal Data to third parties, for example our suppliers and service providers, in countries outside the European Economic Area. For example, Lycamobile uses call centre and technical services from an associated company based in India. Where the data protection laws of these countries do not provide the same level of data protection as in the UK, we will take steps to ensure your privacy rights are at least as compliant with the requirements of UK law, including requiring appropriate security measures from such third parties, set out in a contract between us, to protect your Personal Data; and monitoring compliance with such security measures for the lifetime of our relationship with such third parties.
6.6 Lycamobile may use third party software which modifies the adverting content on website pages you choose to view when using our data Services. A persistent cookie is placed on your device which enables our third party software provider to collect anonymous data for statistical reporting purposes to Lycamobile. To ensure the privacy of your data, only pseudonymised and/or anonymous data is collected or shared with such third parties and no personally identifiable data is ever shared. Please view our cookie policy for specific guidance on disabling cookies if you do not wish to have your anonymous data used in this way.
6.7 Lycamobile may from time to time monitor or record your conversations with the Customer Services Department. This may be done for quality control purposes, to improve the Services, to ensure compliance with governmental, regulatory or enforcement agency requests or to detect fraud. .
6.8 Lycamobile will, subject to the applicable laws and regulations, provide you with a copy of your Personal Data stored by Lycamobile upon your written request. Lycamobile may charge a nominal administration fee for providing you with a copy of your Personal Data. It is your responsibility to notify Lycamobile of any changes to any Personal Data provided by you to Lycamobile. You may also request that any incorrect information is corrected. Where permitted by the applicable laws and regulations, Lycamobile will delete Personal Data upon your written request.
6.9 Lycamobile and other Lyca companies may contact you by post, telephone, e-mail or SMS to let you know about products and services offered by Lycamobile, other Lyca group companies or selected third parties, including any special offers and promotions, which may interest you. If you do not wish to receive this information or be contacted in this way, you may at any time, free of any charge, opt out of this direct marketing by requesting to be put on a designated list. You may make this request by contacting the Customer Services Department or by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@lycamobile.co.uk
7. LIABILITY OF LYCAMOBILE
7.1Lycamobile does not accept any liability for the delivery, performance and use of the Products and Services other than as stated in this Agreement.
7.2 Lycamobile is not responsible for damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you and that results from the content of any voice call, message or data sent or received by you 0cf333 .
7.3 Lycamobile is not responsible for damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you and that results from the involvement of a third party, including governmental, judicial or administrative bodies.
7.4 Lycamobile is not responsible for any damage or loss incurred by you where such damage or loss is indirect or not a reasonably foreseeable result of a breach by us; nor where we are not at fault or to the extent you have contributed to the damage or loss.
7.5 In the event your SIM Card is lost or stolen, or you believe your SIM Card is being used in a fraudulent or improper manner by another person, you must promptly contact the Customer Services Department. Lycamobile will then be able to block the use of your SIM Card. If you fail to promptly contact the Customer Services Department, you will be liable for all Charges relating to the use of the SIM Card until you do notify us, regardless of whether the Charges were incurred by you or someone else.
7.6 Lycamobile is not responsible for the failure of any retail outlet to properly activate your SIM Card or Top-Up Voucher or process any payment you made. In these cases, you should contact the retail outlet where you obtained your SIM Card or purchased your Top-Up Voucher and request a refund.
7.7 You are advised that it is illegal to operate a mobile telephone while driving a motor vehicle, and acknowledge the inherent risk in the use of a mobile telephone while driving a motor vehicle. Lycamobile is not responsible for damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you and that results from any accident caused by the use of a mobile telephone while driving a motor vehicle.
7.8 Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude or limit the liability of either Party for death or personal injury caused by that Party’s negligence, liability arising under the Consumer Protection Act 1987 or the consequence of wilful misconduct, fraud, gross negligence of that Party or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited by applicable law.
7.9 The liability of Lycamobile to you under this Agreement shall be limited to a total maximum aggregate amount of £1,000.00 per claim or series of related claims.
7.10 If you incur any damage or loss or inconvenience, you must notify the Customer Services Department in writing of the claim as soon as possible and in any event within four (4) weeks after the discovery by you of the claim. Damage, loss or inconvenience that has not been reported in writing to the Customer Services Department within this four (4) week period shall not be compensated. This four (4) week period will not apply if you are using the Services as an individual consumer (and not in combination with a trade or business) and you could not have been reasonably expected to notify the Customer Services Department in writing within this period.
7.11 Lycamobile is not responsible for any damage or loss or inconvenience incurred by you, and will not be liable to provide the Products or Services, as a result of any reason outside the control of Lycamobile, including but not limited to an Act of God, natural disaster, industrial action, war (whether declared or undeclared), civil unrest or acts of terrorism, acts of government or local authority or regulatory body, or any act or decision made by a court of competent jurisdiction. These reasons are also known as “force majeure”.
8. CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT
8.1 Lycamobile reserves the right to change these terms and conditions for legal or regulatory reasons. We may also need to change these terms and conditions as a result of changes by our Network suppliers or for other technical or commercial reasons, such as changes to our Products and Services. We may also change our Charges or introduce new Charges. Changes to Charges will be reflected in our tariff table from time to time.
8.2 If a change will be materially detrimental to you, Lycamobile will give you at least one month’s notice. If you do not accept a change which is notified to you as materially detrimental then you can cancel this Agreement or cease using the Services or topping-up your Account. If you use the Services or top-up your Account after Lycamobile makes a change, then you are deemed to accept the change.
8.3 Please check our website regularly for any changes. We may also notify you of changes by way of advertisement in the national media, by email, by post, or by text message or by other reasonable means. We may also place a recorded message on the phone number for our Customer Services Department.
9. GENERAL PROVISIONS
9.1 If you have a complaint or query about the Products or Services you can call our Customer Services Department in the ways set out in clause 1.6 of this Agreement or email complaints@lycamobile.co.uk. You may also contact the Ombudsman Services. The Ombudsman Services is an independent body who can help resolve problems or complaints between us: for more information, see www.ombudsman-services.org
9.2 This Agreement represents the entire agreement between Lycamobile and you in relation to the Products and Services. It takes precedence over all prior agreements (written and oral), and all representations or other communications between Lycamobile and you. The retail outlets are not authorised by us to amend this Agreement or to agree any terms which are inconsistent with these terms and conditions.
9.3 No term or condition of this Agreement is enforceable by any third party (a person who is not a party to this Agreement) under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act, 1999.
9.4 Failure or delay by either Lycamobile or the Customer to enforce any right under this Agreement shall not prevent Lycamobile or the Customer (as the case may be) from taking further action.
9.5 If any term or condition of this Agreement is determined to be partially or wholly void or unenforceable by any court or body of competent jurisdiction or as a result of any legislation, it shall be void and unenforceable only to that extent. The validity and enforceability of the other terms and conditions shall not be affected.
9.6 Lycamobile is entitled to assign all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party. You are entitled to assign all of your rights and obligations under this Agreement to a third party with the written consent of Lycamobile.
9.7 This Agreement is governed by English law and the English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute under this Agreement.
10. POSTPAID PLAN
10.1.DELIVERY & POSTAGE
New SIM purchased may take up to 5 working days to deliver. We will post your SIM card via Royal Mail, free of postage charge. Delivery address must be the same as the Billing address – i.e. the address your credit/debit card is registered to.
10.2CREDIT CHECK
Not required.
10.3ALLOWANCE
Your inclusive allowance can be used to make:
Calls to standard UK landlines ( numbers starting 01,02,03 only);
Calls to standard UK mobile numbers;
Text message to standard UK mobile numbers; and
Mobile data usage in UK.
Non-inclusive usage includes:
International Standard Roaming; and
Calls to standard UK mobile numbers;
International Text message.
10.4 ROAMING
Roaming Services: The mobile telephone services that you use when travelling outside the United Kingdom. EEA Roaming services are subject to additional terms and a fair usage policy, see https://www.lycamobile.co.uk/en/roaming-within-eu-countries/
10.5UPFRONT COST:
There is no upfront fees apply for the SIM only deals. You will only be charged for the tariff you have chosen at the beginning of each billing cycle.
10.6TOP UP OR PAYMENT
You may need to top up or make a payment using a debit/credit card in order to make calls, text & data usage out of your plan inclusive allowance, Premium & non- geographic number calls, calls & text message to international numbers or Standard International Roaming.
10.7LYCAMOBILE AIRTIME ADVANCE
If you reach the limit of your prepaid allowance, you may Top Up as usual and/or ask for a Lycamobile Airtime Advance which you can pay for later – at the beginning of the next billing cycle.
If you go over your plan allowance or other usage in any month,(e.g. International calls & calls to Premium numbers) and you send us a text requesting the Lycamobile Airtime Advance, then we will provide a Lycamobile Airtime Advance and let you to go further up to an additional £3.00 cap (the amount of the Lycamobile Airtime Advance is subject to change) on condition that you pay for that Lycamobile Airtime Advance at the beginning of the next billing cycle.
If you’ve reached the limit of your Lycamobile Airtime Advance and have therefore used up all of your monthly allowance and Lycamobile Airtime Advance, then you can still enjoy further services by Top Up. Even if you do not Top Up, you’ll still be able to enjoy receiving calls and texts.
If for your convenience you wish to switch off the text request feature for the Lycamobile Airtime Advance, then you may do so on-line and you may then automatically have the Lycamobile Airtime Advance available to you on the same conditions of payment as above, without the need to text and request it every time your prepaid allowance is reached.
10.8PRICING
If a Lycamobile Airtime Advance is taken, it is provided on condition that it is paid for fully at the beginning of the next billing cycle.
10.9PAYMENT
Your tariff plan charge will be deducted at the beginning of each billing cycle.Recurring monthly bill Payment will be taken from the debit/credit card used to make the first payment. Payments for the other usage can be made using Debit/Credit card. The name and the address of the card holder should be same as the registered account holder.
Payments for the other charges such as the LycamobileAirtime Advance could be made bycalling our customer care team on 322.
If you change your name, address telephone number or payment details or there are any other changes to your bank account which may affect your payment of the charges you must let us know.
10.10 BILLING
Each billing period comprises of a 30 days billing cycle.If you are an existing customeryour billing will start from the day of purchase of a plan. Fornew customers the billing cycle of 30 days will begin from the day of SIM activation.
Payment for the Lycamobile Airtime Advance will be taken at the beginning of the next billing cycle following theLycamobile Airtime Advance in any month.
10.11BILLS
The price shown requires you to use e-billing. For monthly price with paper bill add £1.00.
10.12REFUNDS
We will not provide any refund for any plans purchased UNLESS no service has been used. If you change your mind within 24 hours of purchase of a plan & allowance not used, you may request a refund OR could change it to a different plan by calling our customer service.
10.13CANCELLATION
If you think not to continue the chosen plan, you need to give a notice by calling our customer service before expiry of that plan. You should pay all due amounts before the plan is cancelled.
11. DEVICES
11.1 This Clause 10 only applies if you have purchased your device from us.
11.2 Charges for devices will be detailed on lycamobile.com. The cost will be payable at the time of purchase either by a debit or credit card.
11.3 Any device that we deliver to you is your responsibility. Once you’ve received it and paid for it , you own the device. This does not affect your rights to carry out any of the actions set out in 10.4-10.6 below.
11.4 Any returns or refunds in respect of devices purchased from us are subject to our Returns Policy if you change your mind you may return a device to us once for a full refund within 14 days working days from the date of delivery if the handset box seal is unbroken or if your device is deemed ‘dead’ on arrival or faulty you can return it for replacement or repair or a full refund within 14 calendar days of receiving it.
11.5 If you are entitled to a refund, you will be refunded the full amount that you have paid for the device when we get the device back from you, less any Charges (as outlined in the Returns Policy). This refund will come from Lycamobile.
11.6 We’ll only bear the Postage charges if the phone is deemed dead on arrival or is faulty 0cf333 . In this case we will post out a prepaid envelope to the customer. It is your responsibility to ensure you return the device with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging 0cf333 . We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly 0cf333 . In the case where you will pay for returning the device yourself we recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received 0cf333 .
11.7 If there is a device fault which develops after 14 days of the device having been delivered to you, then you should book a repair as soon as possible. Your repair will be chargeable if your handset warranty is no longer valid.
11.8 We’ll only bear the Postage charges if the phone is deemed dead on arrival or is faulty. In this case we will post out a prepaid envelope to the customer. It is your responsibility to ensure you return the device with original parts, accessories, free gifts and the original packaging. We reserve the right not to accept returns or repairs unless this process has been followed correctly. In the case where you will pay for returning the device yourself we recommend upgrading your postage to include insurance since we will take no responsibility for devices which are damaged in transit or not received.
11.9 Customer Services Department: The department of Lycamobile that you may contact for any enquiries about the Products or Services. You may contact the Customer Services Department in several ways:
orders placed at the weekend or on a bank holiday will require at least one extra working day for delivery (for most postcodes, orders placed on a Saturday or Sunday will normally be delivered on a Tuesday);
any unforeseen stock shortages. If this happens, we will notify you of any delay;
certain remote postcodes will require additional time for delivery; and
if we cannot obtain immediate security clearance for payment of your order. The security of our customers is paramount so these checks are essential to combat fraudulent use of payment and address details.
11.10 No orders for devices shall be accepted if received from outside the United Kingdom.
11.11 Despite our best efforts, occasionally products in our online shop may be incorrectly priced and therefore we cannot confirm the price of a product until your order is accepted 0cf333 . In addition, details may be updated from time to time and are subject to change 0cf333 . If we discover a pricing error, or there is a change in price before dispatch, we will contact you to reconfirm your order at the correct price. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable time, we may cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation 0cf333 . Unless otherwise stated, prices are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
11.12 You must ensure that prior to placing an order you have checked all relevant details about the products and/or services you have selected. All products and services advertised are subject to availability.
11.13 The information displayed on lycamobile.com, including prices, does not constitute an offer to enter into a sale agreement and neither we, nor any third parties that offer services via lyca.com shall be obliged to accept your orders. If we do, acceptance will be confirmed by email (to the email address supplied by you when the order was placed) and in our dispatching of the Device to you. Where products are sent separately, our acceptance will relate only to those products actually dispatched.
11.14 If you cancel your order and return your handset in accordance with our Returns Policy, you will also be entitled to a full refund if also your bundle has not been used. If any part of your bundle has been used we will deduct the full price of the bundle from the cost of your handset.
11.15Nothing in this Clause 10 affects your statutory rights.
12. Vdoc Terms and conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Please find below our Terms and Conditions. By submitting an order, you are accepting the Terms and Conditions of vdoc London Region Limited.
Please note that vdoc can only provide non- emergency medical services. If you are suffering from acute head or heart pains or have suffered a trauma that requires immediate medical attention, you should call 999 and request an ambulance or visit your nearest accident and emergency unit immediately.
Our terms and conditions may change from time to time, so please check them each time you order a service from vdoc.
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
i. When placing an order, you agree that all information given is accurate. The person registering the account will be the “patient” and the only person who is entitled to use our service. You cannot register an account on behalf of another person.
ii. These services are offered and provided by vdoc London Region Ltd, a company registered at 10 Norwich St, London, UK, EC4A 1BD with company number 09869738 and not by Parliament Hill or any of its staff, employees, affiliates or subsidiaries. The GP consultation service advertised does not form part of related services offered by Parliament Hill. Parliament Hill has no liability whatsoever in respect of these services (whether under contract, tort or general consumer law) and offers no reference, endorsement, warranty or guarantee in respect of the same.
iii. You cannot let any other person use your account to access these services.
iv. You must be over 18 years old to use this service.
v. All prices listed are in UK sterling and correct at the time of entering the information, however, we reserve the right to change prices of any item at any time.
2. SERVICE
i. We provide a remote medical concierge service and we shall make all reasonable efforts to provide this service using reasonable care and skill.
ii. You will be able to consult a vdoc Doctor on a private basis by means of an online video-link or by telephone. That consultation may lead to one or more of the following:
a) medical advice regarding the condition(s) or issue(s) you present;
b) a private prescription for medication which is transmitted to a pharmacy of your choice for fulfilment;
c) a referral to a relevant consultant for further diagnosis and investigatory procedures; and
d) ultimately a referral to a consultant for a medical procedure, should investigatory procedures show such action to be necessary.
3. PAYMENT
Payment can be made using a secure facility provided by Lyca.
4. ORDER CONFIRMATION
i. After you have placed an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, availability of doctors and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail.
ii. The contract between us will only be formed when we send you activation of service confirmation.
5. AGE RESTRICTION
You must be eighteen years old, or older to use this service.
6. YOUR RIGHTS AS CONSUMER
i. You may cancel your subscription at any time within 10 working days from the date you signed up provided you have not used the service. If you cancel your subscription, you will receive a full refund of the price paid in accordance with our refunds policy.
ii. To cancel a subscription, you must inform us in writing by email or post.
iii. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions seeks to exclude or limit your legal rights as a consumer.
7. REFUND POLICY
i. We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you gave notice of cancellation.
ii. We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
8. EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL
We will not be liable for any failure or delay in performing our obligations where that failure or delay results from any cause that is beyond our reasonable control.
9. APPLICABLE LAW
These terms of sale and the supply of the goods will be subject to English Law, and the English courts will have jurisdiction in respect of any dispute arising from the contract.
10. PRIVACY POLICY
i. We collect personal information about you when you provide it through our website or App. The information is encrypted and any information we store is held on secure servers.
ii. Unless we are required to do so by law or by a regulatory body, we only disclose your information to a third party when we need to do so to provide a service that you have requested. For example, we will send your prescription information to a pharmacy if you request it. If you allow it, we also provide consultation reports back to your GP. We never use, disclose or sell your personal data for marketing purposes.
These terms of sale apply to all services supplied by vdoc London Region Limited, registered in England and Wales. Registered Office – 10 Norwich Street, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 1BD. Company number 09869738.

1. WELCOME TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY!
Lycamobile respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you:
*  About how we use your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide us when you purchase a product or service from us, sign up to our communications or take part our competitions.
*  About your privacy rights and
*  How the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can choose the specific areas in which you are particularly interested.
Alternatively, you can find a summary here.
2. ABOUT US
We, Lycamobile UK Limited, operate in UK. We provide electronic communication services including national and international calls, texts and data to customers. When we say, “we”, “us” or “our” in this policy, we are referring to the relevant Lycamobile entity responsible for processing your data.
3. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
Personal Data is any information about you from which you can be identified. It does not include data where your identity has been removed (it’s called anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
* Identity Data includes your first name, last name, date of birth, language.
* Contact Data includes your email address, contact number, full address
* Financial Data includes your bank account and payment card details (where you choose to purchase products from us and make a payment directly to us, such as on our website).
* Billing Data includes your details about payments about the products and services you have purchased from us.
* Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform you use to access our website.
* Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases made by you, your interests, and preferences.
* Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services, top up records, call data records which includes traffic data and location data.
* Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and other Lyca entities (as chosen and consented to) and your communication preferences.
* Customer Care Data includes your feedback to us, survey responses and voice mail recordings when you contact us.
We also process your personal data to derive information so that we can make personalised offers to you. The derived information does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect the derived information with your personal data, it can directly or indirectly identify you. So, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we need to collect personal data by law and you fail to provide that data when requested including updating data records or verifying the data, we may not be able to provide you with the products or services. We may also have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
4. HOW DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We use different methods to collect data from you and about you through:
Indirect interactions via our independent distributors, wholesalers and retailers.
Direct interactions. You may give us your personal data by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise.
Your personal data is collected when you do the following:
* Purchase our products or services;
* Create an account on our website;
* Subscribe to our services or communications;
* Request marketing to be sent to you;
* Enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
* Give us some feedback.
* Download our app.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to, most commonly, in the following circumstances:
* Where we need to perform the terms and conditions we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
* Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
* Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We have set out below, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are, where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
PURPOSEType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interestTo register you as a new customer(a) Identity
(b) ContactPerformance of terms and conditions with you and where applicable, as required by lawTo supply products and services to you including:
Managing payments
Collecting money owed to us(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Billing(a) Performance of terms and conditions with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover sums owed to us)To manage our relationship with you and administer your account which will include:
• Notifying you about changes to our terms and conditions or privacy policy
• Detecting and preventing crime and fraud
• Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
• Manage any concerns that you raise to our customer care department
• Quality assurance and monitoring purposes(a) Identity (b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(e) Customer Care
(f) Usage(a) Performance of terms and conditions with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)To enable you to participate in a competition or complete a survey (non-promotional)(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of terms and conditions with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)To market products and services to you
To complete a survey (promotional)(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Marketing and Communications
(d) Profile(a) Legitimate interest to process marketing data (to grow our business) and consent for sending electronic marketing communications for new customers or reliance on existing customer relationship to send electronic marketing communicationsTo use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer
relationships and experiences(a) Technical
(b) UsageNecessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) ProfileNecessary for our legitimate interests (to develop Lycamobile products/services and grow our business)Marketing
You will receive marketing communications from us either if you have consented to receive them or you have purchased products or services from Lycamobile, and in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
You will also receive marketing communications from other Lyca entities if you have consented to receive such communications on their Lyca products or services.
6. HOW CAN YOU MANAGE YOUR MARKETING PREFERENCES?
If you have any questions or like to know more about Lycamobile, please do not hesitate to get in touch with us. Lycamobile has a multilingual team that operates from 9am to 6pm Monday to Saturday.
To contact Customer Services:
*  
*  Dial 322 from Lycamobile Charges: £0.09 per call
*  You can also dial 0207 132 0322 from another network phone or +44 207 132 0322 from abroad. Charges: Call charges may vary depending upon network operators.
*  Fill out the form below or send an email to cs@lycamobile.co.uk
You can also Contact our Customer Services Department to let us know whether you’re happy to hear from us by email, text, or telephone
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or other purposes.
7. TO WHOM DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out 0cf333
*  
*  Other Lyca affiliated entities under common control (hereinafter “Lyca entities”) who provide ancillary services such as call centre support for the fulfilment of your orders and clarification any of your queries 0cf333
*  
*  
*  Other Lyca entities where you have chosen to receive marketing communications from them on other Lyca products and services other than Lycamobile 0cf333
*  
*  External third parties who provide IT technical support services, data centre services and call centre support 0cf333
*  
*  Regulators and judicial authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances 0cf333
If a change happens to our business where we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
Where applicable, we require all external third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
8. WHERE IS YOUR DATA TRANSFERRED TO?
Some of our service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA 0cf333
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that the following safeguard is implemented so that there is no detriment to you.
Specifically, Lycamobile uses call centres operated by an associated company and they are based in Morocco and Philippines.
Lycamobile uses a technical services provider which is based in India.
We use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
We will take steps to ensure your privacy rights are at least as compliant with the requirements of EU law, including requiring appropriate security measures from such third parties, set out in a contract between us, to protect your personal data.
Please contact the dedicated protection helpline if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
9. HOW SECURE DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those staff members or other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a strict duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable supervisory authority of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
10. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our Data Retention Policy which you can request from us by Contacting our Customer Services Department.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case, we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you 0cf333
11. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Subject to certain conditions under data protection laws where applicable, you have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
*  Right to obtain information about your processed data and right to have access to your personal data.
*  Right to correct your personal data – This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
*  Right to ask us to delete your personal data.
*  Right to object to the processing of your personal data.
*  Right to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data.
*  Right to transfer your personal data -This enables you to ask us to transfer your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Note, however, that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
*  Right to revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data.
You can also inform us of your wishes regarding the storage, deletion and communication of your personal data to a third party upon your death. For this purpose, please email us at mydata@lycagroup.com.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please send your request to mydata@lycagroup.com
No fee usually required

You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
12. HOW TO CONTACT US?
You may contact our Customer Services Department on 0207 132 0322 from any Lycamobile Account or +44 207 132 0322 from another telephone.
You may also e-mail the Customer Services Department at cs@lycamobile.co.uk or by completing the online enquiry form at https://www.lycamobile.co.uk/en/contact-us.
For compliance questions in relation to this policy, we have appointed a data protection officer (DPO). So, if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact our data protection team at DPO@Lycagroup.com.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant data protection supervisory authority.
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns first before you approach the supervisory authority, so please do contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the policy
We have updated our privacy policy to reflect the changes in data protection laws. Historic versions are archived here
13. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY ?
Our website, app and services are not aimed at children. We do not target, intend to collect or knowingly collect or otherwise process information from anyone under the age of 15.
If you are under the age of 15, we request that you do not provide us with your information and do not use our website and app.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 15, please contact us if you are aware that your child has used our website or app or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We will delete or otherwise cease processing your child’s personal information within a reasonable time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.

Our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us. This policy explains what personal information we have, how we use it and how you can check and update any of your personal information. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “we” means Telefónica UK Limited and other companies in the same group.
Why do we collect your personal information? 
We collect information to help manage your account:
* To deliver products and services relevant to you (whether we provide them or not).
* To improve our products and services and develop new ones.
* And to manage our network and help us run and grow our business.
We also collect information so we can tell you about our products and services, other companies' products and services or allow selected partners to tell you directly about their products or services.
The law also requires us to keep some information. Occasionally this information is anonymised so you can't be identified.
To find out more, click on any of the sections below.
* The type of Information we have
* Where do we get your information?
* How we use your information.
* How we share your information.
* Why we keep hold of your information.
* How to check and update your information.
* Product specific terms.
* Other important things to know. 
The type of information we have
The information we have about you includes things like who you are, how you use your O2 products and services, where you use our network, and how you pay for your services.
Who you are includes:
* Your name, address, gender, age, interests, etc.
* Your debit or credit card details, bank details and other payment information 0cf333
* Your interests and preferences.
How you use your O2 products and services includes:
* Your call, text, surfing and billing records.
* Details about your usage of any other products we supply to you, such as our apps. This includes the date and time you use them, how long for, where you use them and how much it costs 0cf333 
* We don't look at the content of your messages or listen to your calls (unless you are talking to one of our customer service advisors).
Where you use our network:
So we can connect you to our network, and for some of the purposes mentioned in this Privacy Policy, we need to know your location when you make or receive phone calls, messages or use the internet. We call this network location. It works by finding you through nearby phone masts, providing us with a rough location so we can put calls through or connect you to the internet.
If you don't want us to share your network location or some or all of your services, call us on 1300. It's free from your O2 mobile.
Your smartphone might also have a Global Positioning System (GPS) location, that's used by your phone and certain apps. It's more accurate than network location alone, because it uses satellites. If you're using some of our apps, like Priority, or apps connected to O2 Drive we, or our partners, might collect some of your GPS location information 0cf333
GPS location is different from network location. We don't control it, so there's no need to call 1300. GPS is based on satellites and is set up on the phone itself. Look at your phone's settings to configure it. Remember, if you choose not to share your location, you might not be able to use certain services that need to know where you are for those services to work.
What you do with your O2 account(s):
This includes things such as when and how much you top up and pay your bill, or how often and why you access your account with us.
Where do we get your information?
We collect information mainly when you sign up with us, contact us and when you use our products and services.
For example when you:
* Register as or enquire about becoming an O2 customer or take part in market research.
* Get in touch with us to ask something.
* Buy from us – whether it's in an O2 shop, online, over the phone or somewhere else.
* Enter any surveys, promotions, competitions or prize draws.
* Make changes to, or close your O2 account.
* Go to our website, or the sites of any other companies in the Telefónica Group, or Sites used for market research purposes.
* Submit content, including photographs, or comments to participate in discussion threads.
* Use any of our networks – mobile, wifi or other O2 products and services.
* Sign up for a service with us that means we need to check with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.
* Sign up for an insurance product that means we need you to provide sensitive personal data, including any medical or criminal record information, about you or a third party 0cf333
* Apply for a job with us online.
We also collect information from other sources, including business directories and other commercially or publicly available sources. If we need to conduct a credit check, we will receive information from credit reference agencies. If you take part in market research for us we will also collect information from third party website or social media you access from our Sites, in accordance with the privacy policies of those respective websites and social media 0cf333
How we use your information
We use and analyse your information to keep in touch with you and to supply and improve our products and services. We will also use your information to tell you about products and services that we think may interest you.  Sometimes we'll combine and anonymise this information so you won't be identified.
In particular, this means using your information to:
* Manage your account and help you to manage your account.
* Sort out a payment, put your order through our system or send you an order.
* Get in touch with you (e.g. if we need to tell you about any problems with a service).
* Look at markets, write reports or carry out research and number crunching. And, if the law allows it, look at information about you (including the calls you make, your spending, what you use the internet for and where you are when you do it) 0cf333
* Keep things secure and prevent crime and fraud.
* Manage our network and your use of our network.
* Look into any complaints or questions you may raise.
* Check whether you qualify for credit or other products, services and offers. We use automated systems to analyse your information to help us make fair and objective decisions about whether we can give you (and members of your household) credit, credit-related services, other similar facilities or insurance.  As part of this we may also need to check the financial status of people connected to you (e.g. your spouse or other family members).Trace and recover debts, manage credit, detect and prevent fraud and money laundering.
* Trace and recover debts, manage credit, detect and prevent fraud and money laundering
* Recover any money you might owe us.
* Assign your debt to permitted third parties and look after any credit you might have.
Or to:
* Tell you if we've changed the way a service works, or tell you about a new service that we think may interest you
* Check what you're interested in or eligible for, so we can offer (and develop) relevant products and services, and surveys.
* Improve our (and third party partner) products and services and develop new ones.
* Send you information about our products and services (or those from selected third parties we think you'd be interested in) by phone, post, email, text, picture message, online banner advertising, or other ways. For some of this marketing activity we need your consent and, in those circumstances, we will only send you messages if you have asked to receive them. You can check and update your current preferences at any time in My O2.
* Tell you about products and services from other companies we think you'd be interested in, or let selected third parties tell you directly about their products and services. Again, we will only send you marketing messages if you’ve previously given us your consent in your preferences in My O2.
We are allowed to use your information in these ways and share the information as described below because:
* We need to so that we can provide you with products and services and to manage your account with us.
* We need to use some of your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations (such as legal obligations to keep details of calls made by customers for a certain period of time).
* Some of our use of your information is necessary for our legitimate business interests (such as conducting market research and minimising our credit and fraud risks).
* You have given your consent to us using your data in relation to some forms of use. For example, in relation to using your information to send you marketing messages. You can opt out of this at any time.
* You have obtained consent from any third parties whose personal or sensitive information you provided to us in your application for and / or performance of O2 products and services, (like O2’s insurance products), for us to be receive and process that information for those purposes.
How we share your information
In connection with the purposes described above, we may share your information (and the information of any third parties you have included in an application for and performance of an O2 insurance product or service) with others  0cf333 
This might mean sharing that information with:
* Our partner companies or agencies and their sub-contractors or prospective partners who help us run our services, for example our billing or customer service centres.
* Other companies in the Telefónica Group. This includes, Telefonica Dynamic Insights and their respective partners, agents and sub-contractors.
* Insurance providers when you take out a policy through us.
* Third parties whose products and services we market to you (where you have given permission to receive such messages).
* Third parties whose offers you sign up to, for example through the Priority app..
* Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies. When we check your credit score with a credit reference agency, the information that we give them (including details of your credit application and financial details) as well as the fact that we have requested that search will also be recorded by the credit reference agency.  We exchange information with credit reference agencies on payment performance and your financial situation on an ongoing basis and this information could be used by us and third parties to make future credit assessment decisions. 0cf333 Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associate. 
* Other communications companies.
* New or prospective owners of Telefónica UK Limited.
We might also share your information:
* With any public authority or law enforcement agency (if they ask for it).
* To comply with law or regulations, or for possible legal proceedings.
* If you give us personal information that's wrong or we find out (or think) you're responsible for fraud. In these circumstances we might share your information with third parties such as law enforcement agencies, credit reference agencies and other affected third parties. 0cf333 +3
* If one of our partners who are processing information for us are compelled to do so by law.
* If there's an emergency and we think you or other people are at risk.
Why we keep hold of your information
There are certain reasons we have to keep hold of your information.
We keep information while you're our customer or after you've left us, but only as long as we need it for the purposes described above. How long we keep it depends very much on the type of information and purpose. 
For example, we might need to sort out disagreements, stop fraud and abuse, prove that you had an account with us or follow our legal obligations. Or the police may need it as evidence. We may also keep information about how you use our products or services. 
In each case, the length of time that we, or credit reference of fraud prevention agencies, need to keep the information may be different, but we will only keep the information for as long as we need it.
Your rights
You have a number of legal rights in relation to the information that we hold about you, including:
* The right to request details of the information we have about you.
* The right to withdraw your consent to the use of your information where we are relying on that consent (for example, you can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us). Please note that we may still be entitled to process your information if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
* In some circumstances, you have the right to receive some of your information in a usable format and/or request we transmit that data to a third party where this is technically feasible. Please note that this right only applies to information which you have provided to us.
* The right to ask that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
* The right to ask that we erase your information in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your information but we are legally entitled to retain it.
* The right to request that we restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled to refuse that request.
* The right to make a complaint with the Information Commissioner www.ico.org.uk if you think that any of your rights have been infringed by us. 
You can exercise your right to access your data using this form and you can exercise your other rights using this form.
How to check and update your information
Go to o2.co.uk and sign in to My O2 to look at your personal information. 
You can change how we get in touch with you – and your account details – whenever you like.
Marketing communications
If you don't want us or our partner companies to send you relevant offers or marketing information, you can opt out anytime via My O2, on your mobile, computer or the My O2 app, and clicking on the Contact Preferences link in the My Mobile section. Or you can change your marketing preferences by visiting here.
Product Specific Terms
This Privacy Policy applies to how we use your information in relation to our products and services generally.  There may be some additional things about how we use your information in relation to particular services. We will tell you about those when you sign up for the service or at another appropriate time.
O2 Drive
If you obtain an O2 Drive quote and / or become an O2 Drive customer, we use information about your use of your services and your location to help provide a better insurance quote. -1You can manage your O2 Drive information by logging in to your O2 Drive account.
Priority
If you sign up to Priority we use information about your location so you can enjoy offers that are near you. -1You can manage your Priority marketing preferences in your account in the Priority App. 
Trail Blazers 
If you participate in market research for us, including using the Trail Blazers sites and Apps (‘Sites”), we may also gather information from other sources. The type of information we have will also include information like user ID, your birthday, shopping habits, household income, family composition; online user activity, lifestyle preferences and information, photographs, profile pictures, your “likes” and your social media content you post, as well as the results of any surveys in which you take part on personality, values, attitudes and lifestyle. 0cf333 We will also collect publically available information such as user-generated content, blogs and postings.
When you visit the Trail Blazers Sites, we may also collect: 
* information about the type of browser and operating system you use;
* details of the web pages and advertisements you have viewed and the other apps you use on your mobile device; your IP address & log on time; 0cf333
* your physical location via geolocation techniques; 0cf333
* your mobile device category and operating system;
* the hyperlinks you have clicked;
* the times you started and ended your participation in a specific survey;
* details from social networking sites (where you have linked your social networking site to your Trail Blazers account); 0cf333 and 
* the websites you visited before arriving at our site. 0cf333
Information gathered for Trail Blazers is kept for 12 months following the end of your membership of Trail Blazers, unless you tell us you’d like us to remove it earlier. 
If you’ve registered with Trail Blazers, the fastest way to change how we deal with your personal data is to log on and simply click on "My Preferences" in the App. 
Other Important things to know
Companies outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
We might give your information to other companies based outside the EEA. 0cf333  For example, like many companies, we may use cloud services from suppliers outside the EEA.
 
Where we transfer your information to companies outside the EEA, we will make sure it’s protected in a manner that is consistent with how your information will be protected by us. This can be done in a number of different ways for instance:
* The country that we send the data to might be approved by the European Commission.
* The recipient company might have signed up a contract obliging them to protect your information. 0cf333
* The recipient is located in the US and is a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances the law may permit us to otherwise transfer your information outside the EEA. In all cases however, we will ensure that any transfer of your information is compliant with data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your information when it is transferred outside the EEA (including a sample copy of the contract used with some recipients of your information) by contacting us via the “Contact us” section below.
About cookies:
Like other sites, we use cookies. A cookie is like a tag that some sites put on your computer or phone when you visit them so they can recognise you next time. Find out more here: http://www.o2.co.uk/cookie-policy 
Communicating over the internet:
Please remember, any emails or other communications you send over the internet aren't safe unless they've been encrypted. They might go through a few countries before they get to your friend who lives around the corner. 0cf333 Unfortunately, that's the nature of the internet.
If someone gets into your emails without your permission, or your personal information is shared publicly, we can't accept responsibility. It is out of our control.
Pages on o2.co.uk and other companies' sites:
On our website there are pages that are branded with both the O2 name and logo, as well as other companies' names and logos. We, and other companies working with us, look after these pages.
This Privacy Policy doesn't apply to other companies' sites that you get to through our website. So make sure you've read their Privacy Policy before putting your personal information on their site.
Companies outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
We might give your information to other companies based outside the EEA. 0cf333  For example, like many companies, we may use cloud services from suppliers outside the EEA.
 
Where we transfer your information to companies outside the EEA, we will make sure it’s protected in a manner that is consistent with how your information will be protected by us. This can be done in a number of different ways for instance:
* The country that we send the data to might be approved by the European Commission. 0cf333
* The recipient company might have signed up a contract obliging them to protect your information.
* The recipient is located in the US and is a certified member of the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
In other circumstances the law may permit us to otherwise transfer your information outside the EEA. In all cases however, we will ensure that any transfer of your information is compliant with data protection law.
You can obtain more details of the protection given to your information when it is transferred outside the EEA (including a sample copy of the contract used with some recipients of your information) by contacting us via the “Contact us” section below.
Other important information
Please note that if you're signing up for our products and services there might be extra terms and conditions to look at.
If you would like to know more about how credit reference and fraud prevention agencies use and share your personal information you can find that information at: 
* www.callcredit.co.uk/crain
* www.equifax.co.uk/crain 
* www.experian.co.uk/crain
* www.cifas.org.uk
TESCO POLICY
 
Privacy and Cookies Policy
* Tesco direct and Tesco Partners at Tesco direct and “F&F (“the Website”) is owned and operated by Tesco Stores Limited, part of the Tesco Group. This policy, together with our Terms and Conditions, explain how Tesco may use information we collect about you, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you. Please read this policy and our Terms and Conditions carefully; by accessing the Website you confirm to have understood and agreed to them.
* Information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you:
* visit the Website, and other sites accessible from the Website.
* register with, and buy products or services on the Website.
* take part in promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires.
* contact us, e.g. in writing, call customer services. 
We may supplement the information we collect about you with information we receive from other sources e.g. public registers such as the electoral roll. This allows us to assess the accuracy of the information we hold about you in order to send you relevant offers and information.
* Using your information
Collecting your personal information helps Tesco to better understand what you need from us. We use your information to:
* manage and improve the Website.
* personalise our services to you.
* administer and operate your account.
* process your orders and allocate Clubcard points to your account.
* tell you about important changes to the Website and our services.
* understand your shopping behaviour to develop and improve our products and services. 
* manage promotions, competitions, customer surverys and questionnaires.
* check and verify your identity, and prevent or detect crime. In performing checks your information may be disclosed to credit reference agencies, who may keep a record of that information. This is not a credit check and your credit rating will be unaffected.
We may share your personal information across the Tesco Group so they can provide you with relevant products and services.
Your personal information is safe with us and will never be released to companies outside the Tesco Group for their marketing purposes.
We may use and share anonymised information outside the Tesco Group. However, we would like to reassure you that this never includes your personal information.
 
* Clubcard information
We access the information recorded through the use of your Clubcard to help us improve our service to you and to make our communications more relevant.
* Marketing and research
If you agree, we may contact you:
* with offers and information about Tesco products or services.
* with offers and information about partners' products or services.
* for customer research, e.g. to help improve our service.
Of course, the choice is entirely yours, but if you say you do not want to receive marketing information from us this will prevent you from receiving great offers or promotions that may be of interest to you.
When you register online you can access a “Contact preferences” page that allows you to tailor our commercial communications to your preferences.
To change your contact preferences simply click “Your account” in the top frame and click “Your contact preferences”. If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us, select your choices by using the boxes available on that page.
We like to hear your views to help us improve our service. From time to time, we may contact you to ask your opinions. Again, if you do not want to be contacted for this purpose, make your choice on the “Contact preferences” page.
* Cookies
In order to comply with new rules, we use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be dropped by third parties through our websites. The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you do not want to have them on your device. Please be reassured that we are working on other privacy and cookie-related improvements to the Website.
What is a cookie
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating Website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
 
 
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. For those types of cookies that are strictly necessary, no consent is required.
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. 
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting or advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. 0cf333 +2
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Behavioural advertising and online privacy
A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at www.youronlinechoices.eu. The guide contains an explanation of the IAB's self-regulatory scheme to allow you greater control of the advertising you see.
Using browser settings to manage cookies
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website's essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For example, if you block or otherwise reject cookies you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any of our products and services that require you to Sign in. If you leave cookies turned on, remember to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
* Disclosing your information
We will never disclose your information to anyone outside the Tesco Group except where we have your consent; where we are required or permitted to do so by law; to other companies who provide a service to us; to Tesco Partners who sell products on the Tesco direct Website (each a 'Tesco Partner'); or any successors in title to our business. 0cf333  +2
If you buy a product or service from a Tesco Partner we will only share relevant personal information with the Tesco Partner for the purpose of processing your order.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area we will ensure that appropriate security measures are taken.
* Other websites
The Website may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and not covered by this policy. The operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their policy, which may differ from ours.
* Accessing your information
To obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, write to: Data Protection Officer, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Tesco House, Shire Park, Kestrel Way, Welwyn Garden City AL7 1GA enclosing a cheque or postal order for £10 payable to “Tesco Stores Limited”. Please confirm your Clubcard number and any details to help us identify and locate your information. If any of the details are incorrect, let us know and we will amend them.
* Changes to our policy
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of June 2016. We reserve the right to change the policy at any time.











Personal data we collect. 
This section tells you what personal data we may collect from you when you use our Services and what other personal data we may receive from other sources.
When you register for our Services, you may provide us with:
* Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and date of birth and title
* Information relating to your membership of any of our clubs, such as Christmas Savers
* Your account login details, such as your username and the password that you have chosen
When you shop with us online or browse our Websites or use our Mobile Apps, we may collect:
* Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
* Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and Mobile Apps and information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites) 0cf333 +2
* Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers) 0cf333 +2
When you use Clubcard to shop with us, or use Clubcard vouchers or coupons, we may collect:
* Transaction information, including the in-store and online purchases you earn Clubcard points for and how you use your Clubcard coupons and vouchers within the Tesco Group or with Clubcard Partners
When you contact us or we contact you or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or reviews about our Services, we may collect:
* Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services (for example, your name, username and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media 0cf333 +2
* Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
* Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys or reviews
When you visit our stores:
* footage of you may be recorded on our CCTV systems
When you use our pharmacies:
* personal data including your prescription details, medical history, payment details and contact/address information
Other sources of personal data
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, online media channels, our Retail Partners and public registers. For example, this other personal data helps us to:
* manage your Clubcard account (including the allocation of Clubcard points);
* review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold; and
* improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising.











Sharing personal data within the Tesco Group
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within the Tesco Group.
We may share the personal data we collect with other companies in the Tesco Group. For example, we share personal data with the following Tesco Group companies.
Tesco Bank
Tesco Bank use your Clubcard data to help them work out whether they can offer you certain products, and what discounts, deals or offers they can make you.
Tesco Bank may use data that you provide, such as your name and address, to find any Clubcard(s) that are linked to your address.  They may use data about these Clubcard(s) to help tailor offers to you. When they do this, they will only ever use the Clubcard linked to your address which gives you the best terms, deals or offers.
Tesco Bank may look at your Clubcard data in different ways to help understand more about you (we call this ‘profiling’). 0cf333 +2 Profiling includes things such as how likely Tesco Bank think you are to pay back money they lend you, how often you use other Tesco products and services, and how you prefer to shop. Profiling helps Tesco Bank create a number of ‘Clubcard scores’, which they then use as one of the factors in their automated decision-making process.
Where applicable, at the point of applying, individual offers you receive may be affected by your credit rating. Tesco Bank may also take into account whether or not you are a Clubcard customer. 
Profiling allows Tesco Bank to tailor offers specifically to its customers. This means that different Clubcard customers may get different offers. For its banking products profiling means that customers will receive better offers and/or be more likely to be accepted for the product requested than non-Clubcard customers who have a broadly equivalent credit rating.
Where Tesco Bank are offering insurance products, Clubcard profiling means that although different Clubcard customers may get different offers, Clubcard customers will always receive better offers than non Clubcard customers.
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Bank. 0cf333 +2  This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
We may also use data provided to us by Tesco Bank, for example information about the Tesco Bank products you hold, to improve our service and make our marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Bank use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
 
 
Tesco Mobile
We make Clubcard information (including information about purchases when you use your Clubcard) and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to Tesco Mobile. This helps them to improve their service and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
You can find more information about the way in which Tesco Mobile use your data in their privacy and cookies policy.
dunnhumby
dunnhumby, part of the Tesco Group, is also one of our main service providers. dunnhumby help us to use personal data to help improve our understanding of customers and personalise your customer experience. You can find out more about what dunnhumby do here.
Sharing personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers

This section explains how and why we share personal data with Retail Partners and Service Providers.
When we share personal data with these companies we require them to keep it safe, and they must not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
Retail partners
We work with a number of Retail Partners who:
* sell products through our services; or
* offer products, services and/or the ability to earn points through Clubcard.
We only share personal data that enable our Retail Partners to provide their services.
Service Providers
We work with carefully selected Service Providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. These include, for example, companies that help us with technology services, storing, combining and analyzing data, processing payments, provide us with legal or other professional services as well as delivering orders. We only share personal data that enable our Service Providers to provide their services.
Some of the Service Providers we work with operate online media channels, and they place relevant online advertising for our products and services, as well as those of our suppliers and our Retail Partners, on those online media channels on our behalf. For example, you may see an advert for our products and services as you use a particular social media site or watch television through your pay TV account.
Examples of our Service Providers include Facebook, Adobe, Dunnhumby and WorldPay.

How long we use personal data for
We will not keep your personal data longer than we need to, how long this is depends on several factors, including:
* Why we collected it in the first place;
* How old it is;
* Whether there is a legal/regulatory reason for us to keep it;
* Whether we need it to protect you or us. 

Third parties operating through our Websites and Mobile Apps
Our key partners are listed below with information about the services they provide to us. This list is not exhaustive but it does include those partners with whom we have an established relationship and whose cookie technologies are most frequently deployed through our Services.
Measurement & Personalisation
To analyse how our services are used, including to test different content versions. This data may also be used to enable us to personalise our services and the marketing of our services.
* Adobe
* Optimizely
* Google
* Integral Ad Science
Product recommendations
To enrich your shopping experience by delivering personalised recommendations to you on some of our websites (e.g. on Tesco Direct and F&F Clothing).
* Rich Relevance
Online marketing
To personalise Tesco adverts shown to you via Tesco and on other websites based on your interactions with Tesco. For example, by using data about your transactions with Tesco, what you have in your basket and the pages and products you look at. We may also use your Clubcard data to better personalise our marketing via our main data partner, Sociomantic (a subsidiary of dunnhumby, a Tesco company).
* Sociomantic
* Bing
* Google
Social media
To market to you via social media platforms and to enable social sharing and engagement on our websites. These companies may use your data for their own purposes, including to profile and target you with other advertising.
* Facebook
* Twitter
* RadiumOne (po.st)
Commenting
To power commenting on our websites (e.g. Tesco Real Food)
* Disqus
Delivering ads for our Retail Partners
To enable us to personalise and deliver online advertising on behalf of our Retail Partners. 
* Google
* Sociomantic

Your privacy when using our website
This policy covers our privacy practices in connection with this website (www.three.co.uk) and is intended to let you know about the kinds of information we may obtain about you as a visitor to our website, how we may use that information and who we may share that information with. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Each time you access, browse and/or use our website you agree to the following terms. If you do not agree you must cease to use our website. In this policy references to: 
 
• "personal information" is information that is about you and which identifies you; 
 
• "Three Services" are the services offered by Three, including, but not limited to, call services, internet access, Messaging Services, Storage Services, Age Restricted Services and Premium Services (such terms as are defined in our terms and conditions with you: www.three.co.uk/terms-conditions/paym-and-payg), which we have agreed to provide to you;
• "Three", "we", "us" or "our" in this policy means Hutchison 3G UK Limited (company number 03885486) with its registered address at Star House, 20 Grenfell Road, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 1EH
• "Group" means CK Hutchison Holdings Limited.

We are the data controller of your personal information collected through this website for the purpose of data protection law. 

If you have questions about how your personal information is kept or if you wish to exercise one or more of your rights (as set out below) in regards to the personal information we keep on you, please contact our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at DPA.Officer@three.co.uk or to Hutchison 3G UK Ltd, Star House, 20 Grenfell Road, Maidenhead SL6 1EH. 

Three respects your right to privacy and we are committed to complying with applicable data protection and privacy law.  We will use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information in order to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to your personal information.

Collection and Use of Your Personal Information

You agree that any personal information you provide to us will be true, complete and accurate in all respects and you agree to notify us immediately of any changes to it. If you are aged 16 or under, you must get your parent or guardian's consent to provide your personal information to us, otherwise you are not allowed to provide any of your personal information to us.

Your personal information may be used by us, our employees, service providers and disclosed to third parties for the following purposes. 0cf333 For each of these purposes, we have set out the legal basis on which we use your personal information below.
 
 
PurposeLegal Basis for use of your Personal InformationProcess any applications or registrations made by you.The performance of a contract between you and us or in order for us to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you.To provide products, services and information requested by you.The legal basis will fall into one of the following four categories, depending on the communication and the purpose for which it was sent:
·         our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you;
·         performance of a contract between you and us;
·         consent; and/or
·        compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.To monitor and/or record communications between you and Three for quality control and training purposes.
 The processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests to monitor the quality of our customer services and for training purposes.To conduct credit and fraud checks if you apply for a monthly price plan account, and to help verify your identify and to decide whether to accept your application or future application.
In order to process your application, we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. CRAs will share your information with other organisations. Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associates.
 The performance of a contract between you and us or in order for us to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you.To keep you up to date by post, telephone, email, and direct to your handset by text, picture, video and audio message with information about Three, Three Services, and offers and promotions subject to any marketing preferences indicated by you.
 This processing is carried out with your consent or the processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests in order to conduct and manage our business.To search the records of fraud prevention agencies in assessing any applications for Three Services. If you give us false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this and store the records with fraud prevention agencies.
We and other companies may use this information if decisions are made about you on credit or credit-related services.The processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or the processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests in order to conduct and manage our business.
 
 
 
 To administer your account and provide our customer services.This processing will be carried out for our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you; or the performance of a contract between you and us.To manage complaints, feedback and queries.This processing will be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations between you and us to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; and/or our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you and to enable us to improve and develop our business operations and  services.To comply with any legal or regulatory obligations (including in connection with a court order).This processing is necessary for compliance with legal obligations to which we are subject.To conduct analysis for traffic and billing management, and to support product development.This processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests to ensure that we can fulfil our obligations to you which relate to the provision of Three Services and to improve/develop our products and services.To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the products and services requested.The processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you.To contact you for market research purposes.The processing is carried out for our legitimate business interests because it enables us to develop and improve our website and our products and services offered to you.To notify you about changes to our website.This processing is necessary for our legitimate business interests in order for us to manage our relationship with you.We may be required to obtain your personal information to comply with our legal requirements, to enable us to fulfil the terms of our contract with you or in preparation of us entering into a contract with you. 0cf333 If you do not provide the relevant personal information to us, we may not be able to provide services to you.


Personal information received from other sources

We may receive personal information about you from:

(a) credit reference agencies such as CallCredit, Experian and Equifax including credit information about you (including information from the Electoral Register), and those with whom you are linked financially, to help us verify your identity and decide whether to accept your application or future applications. Such agencies will record details of our search and your application whether your application is successful or not. We and other organisations may use any of this information to make other credit decisions about you and other members of your household, and for identification purposes, debt tracing and the prevention of money laundering as well as the management of your account;  

(b) fraud prevention agencies such as CIFAS. We and other companies may use this information if decisions are made about you on credit or credit-related services; and

(c) commercial partners who supply goods and services to us.

Credit reference checks

In order to process your application, we will perform credit and identity checks on you with one or more credit reference agencies (“CRAs”).
To do this, we will supply your personal information to CRAs and they will give us information about you. This will include information from your credit application and about your financial situation and financial history. CRAs will supply to us both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit, financial situation and financial history information and fraud prevention information.
We will use this information to:
 
• Assess your creditworthiness and whether you can afford to take the product;
• Verify the accuracy of the data you have provided to us;
• Prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering;
• Manage your account(s);
• Trace and recover debts; and
• Ensure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances.

We will continue to exchange information about you with CRAs while you have a relationship with us. We will also inform the CRAs about your settled accounts. If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, CRAs will record the outstanding debt. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs.
 
When CRAs receive a search from us they will place a search footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other lenders.
If you are making a joint application, or tell us that you have a spouse or financial associate, we will link your records together, so you should make sure you discuss this with them, and share with them this information, before lodging the application. CRAs will also link your records together and these links will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully files for a disassociation with the CRAs to break that link.

The identities of the CRAs, their role also as fraud prevention agencies, the data they hold, the ways in which they use and share personal information, data retention periods and your data protection rights with the CRAs are explained in more detail in the Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (“CRAIN”). CRAIN is also accessible from each of the three CRAs – clicking on any of these three links will also take you to the same CRAIN document: Callcredit www.callcredit.co.uk/crain; Equifax www.equifax.co.uk/crain; Experianwww.experian.co.uk/crain. 

Automated decision making

As we’ve mentioned above, when you apply for a Pay Monthly plan, we will obtain information from a credit reference agency, which will be used in an automated decision process to determine whether we can enter into a contract with you. If you wish for the decision to be reassessed by a person, you may do so by calling our customer services team on 0333 338 1001 or by writing to: Three Customer Services, Hutchison 3G UK Ltd, PO Box 333 Glasgow G2 9AG. You can also object to a decision being taken solely by automated processing (see heading Your Rights below).


Retention of data

We will keep your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with services and to conduct our legitimate business interests or where otherwise required by law. If you use Three Services, we may hold your Communications Data for 12 months for legitimate business purposes 0cf333(or longer in connection with any legal proceedings or disputes).

Disclosure

Your personal information may also be processed by: 
• our business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you. For example we engage third parties to process applications, perform fraud and credit checks, to carry out surveys and depersonalised marketing activities; +2
• other members of our Group;+2
• other professional advisers (including accountants and lawyers) that assist us in carrying out our business activities; 0cf333
• police and other law enforcement agencies in connection with the prevention and detection of crime;-1
• other external agencies and organisations (including the National Crime Agency) for the purpose of preventing and detecting fraud (including fraudulent transactions), money laundering and criminal activity; and
• third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation or instructions of a regulatory body (including in connection with a court order), or in order to enforce or apply the terms of any agreements we have with or otherwise concerning you (including agreements between you and us) or to protect our rights, property or safety of our customers, employees or other third parties. 
• We may also disclose your personal information to other third parties, for example:
- in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets we will disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
- if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party (or are subject to a reorganisation within our Group), personal information held by us will be one of the transferred assets; and
- if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation  0cf333, or in order to enforce or apply the agreements concerning you (including agreements between you and us).
 



Where will we transfer your personal information
Your Information will be processed both within and outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where we transfer Your Information outside of the EEA, we will implement appropriate and suitable safeguards to ensure that such personal information will be protected as required by applicable data protection law.  These measures generally include:
(a)           Commercial terms to safeguard the processing of Your Information.
(b)           Technical security standards commensurate the nature of data being processed.
 
For further information as to the safeguards we implement please contact our DPO at the address detailed above.


Collection and use of technical information

We use session cookies which enable a visitor's web browser to 'remember' which pages on this website have already been visited. We may also map and analyse visitor usage patterns to help us develop the website and enhance a visitor's experience.
 
Depending on the type of browser you are using, you may be able to configure your browser: (i) so that you are prompted to accept or reject cookies on an individual basis or; (ii) to prevent your browser from accepting any cookies at all. You should refer to the supplier or manufacturer of the web browser for specific details about cookie security. For further information regarding the cookies that we use and how to block cookies please see our cookies policy.

We may collect and store certain 'technical information' about your visit to this site, such as:
 
• the IP address from which you access this website; 0cf333
• the type of browser and operating system used to visit this website;
• the date and time of your visit(s) to this website;
• clickstream data which reveals the activities of visitors around this website (for example the web pages you access and products browsed) and;
• the website address of the website from which you accessed this website.

Such data is used only to analyse trends, administer and improve our website and the services we offer, track movement through our website and gather statistical information about visits to the website.


Your Rights
 
You have certain rights with respect to your personal information. The rights may only apply in certain circumstances and are subject to certain exemptions. Please see the table below for a summary of your rights. You can exercise these rights using the contact details above (under the heading “Your privacy when using our website”). 
 
 Summary of your rightsRight of access to your personal informationYou have the right to receive a copy of your personal information that we hold about you, subject to certain exemptions.  
You can download the Request for Access to Personal Information form here. If you can't download the form, we can send you a copy - please call us on 333 (Free, unless you’re on one of our new Essential Plans, in which case it will come out of any available minutes allowance or charged at your out of allowance rate of 35p per minute) from a Three phone or 0333 338 1001 from any other phone*
*Standard call rates apply.Right to rectify your personal informationYou have the right to ask us to correct your personal information that we hold where it is incorrect or incomplete.Right to erasure of your personal informationYou have the right to ask that your personal information be deleted in certain circumstances. For example (i) where your personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise used; (ii) if you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal ground for which we rely for the continued use of your personal information; (iii) if you object to the use of your personal information (as set out below); (iv) if we have used your personal information unlawfully; or (v) if your personal information needs to be erased to comply with a legal obligation. 
You can download the Request for Erasure Form here.Right to restrict the use of your personal informationYou have the right to suspend our use of your personal information in certain circumstances. For example (i) where you think your personal information is inaccurate and only for such period to enable us to verify the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the use of your personal information is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information and request that it is suspended instead; (iii) we no longer need your personal information, but your personal information is required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the use of your personal information and we are verifying whether our grounds for the use of your personal information override your objection.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to obtain your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and for it to be transferred to another organisation, where it is technically feasible. The right only applies where the use of your personal information is based on your consent or for the performance of a contract, and when the use of your personal information is carried out by automated (i.e. electronic) means.
You can download the Right to Data Portability Form here.Right to object to the use of your personal informationYou have the right to object to the use of your personal information in certain circumstances. For example (i) where you have grounds relating to your particular situation and we use your personal information for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) including for profiling; and (ii) if you object to the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, including profiling (to the extent it relates to direct marketing).Right to object to decision which is based solely on automated processingYou have the right in certain circumstances not to be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing without human intervention. Right to withdraw consentYou have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on consent to use your personal information.Right to complain to the relevant data protection authorityYou have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority, which is, in the case of Three, the Information Commissioner's Office, where you think we have not used your personal information in accordance with data protection law.
 
Other terms and conditions 
You should read this policy in conjunction with our website terms and conditions (which apply to your use of this website), any terms of sale which apply to the purchase of products by you via this website and the Terms for Three Services (which apply to your use of Three Services). Our customer privacy statement concerning your use of Three Services is contained within the 'Privacy Notice' found in Section 13 of our Terms for Three Services.

Notification of changes 
If we change this policy we will post the amended policy on our website so that you are always aware of how we collect, use and disclose your personal information.
This policy was last updated on 18 May 2018.



Glossary of technical terms used
• Web Browser - The software you use to read web pages such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator and Opera.
• IP address - The identifying details for your computer (or your internet company's computer), expressed in "internet protocol" code (for example 192.168.72.34). Every computer connected to the web has a unique IP address (which may be permanent or change each time you access the internet.
• Cookies - Small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a web site. Cookies can be read by the web site on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the web page, or a unique identification number so that the web site can "remember" you on your return visit. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the web site.
There are a few ways we collect your information. This could be when you:
o   Order our products or services (whether via this website, over the phone, in one of our stores or with our field agents)
o   Create and log in to your My Virgin Media account on our website
o   Use our products or services e.g. TiVo and TV apps; mobile
o   Contact us by telephone, email, electronic messaging (such as SMS, MMS or live chat tools) or post
o   Visit this website, including service availability checks in your area or using the “Cable my street” tool
o   When someone refers you for our products and services
o   We also collect information about you from third parties. An example of this could be from members of your household, from content providers and/or delivery service providers
We’ll never keep more information from you than we need to. The types of information we collect will depend upon: (i) whether we collect the information from you or from someone else; and (ii) how / when we collect that information.
Information you give to us:
* 	
* 	When 	you apply for and/or purchase our products or services, create an 	online account, or contact us with queries we’ll ask you to give 	us, where necessary, your generic details (i.e. name, surname, date 	of birth), your contact details (i.e. address, email, phone number), 	your financial details (i.e. bank account, payment method, credit 	card number)  0cf333
* 	
* 	When 	you talk to us on the phone, email, communicate via electronic 	messaging (such as SMS, MMS or live chat tools), write to us or 	visit us in our retail stores
* 	
* 	In 	customer surveys from time to time, to help us provide you with 	improved products and services, we might ask you to fill in a 	questionnaire, just so you can let us know how we're doing. When 	sending you a questionnaire we’ll ask you to provide us with the 	following information: name, account number, email address, 	telephone number
Information we collect from you when you use our products and services:
* 	
* When 	you visit this website, we’ll use cookies (which are stored on 	your device(s) – your laptop, mobile phone, tablet etc.) to 	collect information about your use of our online services 	0cf333 (https://www.virginmedia.com/ website 	and My Virgin Media account). See our Cookies 	Policy for 	more details. 
* 	
* 	When 	you use Virgin Media services (such as our Broadband, TV, home phone 	lines, mobile phone lines, Virgin Red, Virgin Store, apps such as 	Virgin TV Go and Virgin TV Control and other apps such as Netflix), 	we collect information about your use of those services including 	the following:
o   Call data (i.e. your telephone number, inbound / outbound caller number, time and duration of the call, your device details)
o   Usage data (i.e. frequency, time, location and duration of service usage, data traffic (internet / minutes / SMS) used per month)
o   Billing data (your financial details, bills and its components), which may be used to validate your state of residence is the UK, for the purposes of providing you with access to UK-only online content while you are temporarily visiting another EU member state  0cf333
o   Payment and transaction data
o   Your television viewing data (shows and ads you’ve watched through video on demand, use of Virgin Media services, technical data such as time and duration of watched content, information on the content recorded/watched, MAC/IP address, the quality of the connection, the model and service number of your set top box)
Audio files if you use the voice search functionality on your Virgin TV Go application, so we can tune and improve speech recognition for your application will learn to understand you.
o   Interactive data (apps usage data, websites usage / visits data)
o   Device Data (IP address, device make and manufacturer, browser information and other similar identifying information required from your devices to communicate with websites and applications on the internet)
We may also monitor, record, store and use the communications we have directly with you to improve the quality of our customer service and/or for training, operational and compliance purposes
Information collected from others:
We may supplement the information that we collect from you and about your use of the services as described above, with information that we receive from third parties.
This may include:
o   Data we collect from other members of your household
o   Data we receive when someone refers you for our products and services
o   Data from other organisations who have obtained your permission to share information about you with us
o   Information we get from reporting agencies, such as credit reference agencies. 0cf333 They give us information about your financial history so we can assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity. 0cf333 We’ll continue to exchange information about you with credit reference agencies on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. 0cf333  Credit reference agencies will share your information with other organisations. 0cf333 Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other financial associates.  0cf333 The identities of the Credit Reference Agencies and the way they operate are explained in more detail via  https://www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Here are a few places third party data comes from:
* 	
* 	Companies 	or individuals that introduce you to us
* 	
* 	Credit 	Reference Agencies
* 	
* 	Fraud 	Prevention Agencies
* 	
* 	Market 	Researchers
* 	
* 	Public 	Information sources such as the electoral roll.

There are a few ways we use the information we hold about you. We’ll use it:
Where it’s necessary to perform our contract with you
o   To determine your eligibility for our products and services / whether they’re available in your area
o   To process your orders for our products and services and to bill you for the same
o   To provide you with the products and services you have ordered from us
o   To provide access to privileged areas of our online services (MyVM account)
o   To respond to any questions or complaints you may have regarding our products and services
o   To provide recommendations of TV shows and services you might like
Where you’ve given us your consent
o   To send you details of products, services, special offers and rewards that we think will be of interest to you. However, we hate junk mail as much as you do so it's up to you to decide whether or not you want to receive this information. We’ll cover more of that further down.
o   To occasionally carry out market research
o   To administer contests and competitions
Where we process your information on the basis of your consent, you’ve got the right to withdraw your consent at any time.  You can do this by:
* 	
* 	Accessing 	Marketing Preferences page on your My Virgin Media account, or 	contacting us
* 	
* 	This 	won’t affect the lawfulness of anything we’ve done with your 	information on the basis of consent prior to that point
Where we’ve got a legitimate interest – which is where we’ve got a good reason to process your data; e.g. situations where Virgin Media needs to process information to operate its business. However we always do this by considering the safeguards and impact to you. Processing activities based on a legitimate interest are:
o   To provide you with service information and updates in relation to the products and services you’ve ordered from us
o   To enable us to gain customer insights and to review, develop and improve our products, services and special offers to ensure we are giving customers what they want
o   Defining types of customers for new products or services and personalise service offers to you
o   To check your credit information with credit rating agencies to guarantee payment of our services 
o   Complying with laws and regulations that apply to us
o   To provide you with access to additional services, such as Virgin Red
o   To analyse your telephony and mobile internet data to prevent fraud and warn you about nuisance calls
o   To personalise your experience of our services e.g. your interaction with our call centres, digital platforms or of the TV service based on your usage and viewing profile so that we can recommend shows you might enjoy, or tailor advertising contained within our services so that it corresponds with your likely interests. We’ll not, however, use information about your use of third party applications on our TV service to personalise or tailor advertising
o   To provide you with tailored advertising, features and content.  We use the information we hold about you to tailor the adverts, content and features you receive to make them more relevant.
If you don’t wish to received tailored advertising as part of your TiVo service you can switch this off at any time on your set top box by accessing the Help menu and selecting the option to opt out of tailored advertising
Where we’ve got a legal obligation to process personal information:
Virgin Media is required to capture, retain and share some personal data for legal reasons such as:	
* 	Where 	there’s a need to block unauthorised or illegitimate content
* 	
* 	Responding 	to courts and enforcement authorities
* 	
* 	To 	help authorities with any security, crime or anti-terrorism 	enquiries
* 	
* 	To 	demonstrate compliance with anti-money laundering rules
* 	
* 	To 	ensure monitor any other regulatory requirements linked with 	treating customers fairly and processing records properly.
* 	
* 	Administering 	call caps

Sometimes we’ll need to share the information we hold about you with others. We provide information about you:
o   To our employees and field agents so they can administer, and deal with any questions or complaints you’ve got about your account with us and/or the products and services provided to you by Virgin Media now or in the future
o   To search the files of a credit reference agency, which will keep a record of that search, when you apply for service. This is so that we can confirm your eligibility for our products and services and guarantee a regular payment for those
o   Additionally, details of how you conduct your account with us may also be disclosed to the credit reference agency. 0cf333 This information may be used by other organisations in assessing applications from you and members of your household 0cf333 of fraud prevention and screening preventing nuisance calls
o   We may use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring usage of our services in order to help us develop our services, and may provide such aggregate information to third parties, for example, content partners and advertisers. These statistics do not include information that can be used to identify any individual
o   To the marketing agencies we work with when creating marketing campaigns, special offers and promotions targeted for you. We may share your information with our partner companies who provide you with customer service on our behalf or help deliver/provide the product or service you have chosen
o   Our service providers in order for us to provide our services to you, for example if you use the Voice Search functionality on your Virgin TV Go application we may share your audio files with our provider in the United States for storage and processing 0cf333
o   We may share your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to protect or enforce our rights or that of a third party such as analysing activity on our network to help block unauthorised or illegal content access or publication; for the purpose of protecting vital interests, national security, statutory obligations or responding to requests from courts and enforcement authorities
o   Companies that you ask us to share your data with
o   If you’ve got the Virgin Red App to gain access to exclusive offers and competitions
o   TV Apps such as BT Sport Europe, My Nick Jr
* 	
* 	If 	you use Direct Debits we’ll share your data with the Direct Debit 	scheme 0cf333
* 	
* 	If 	you apply for mobile phone insurance through us we’ll pass your 	personal details onto the insurer (Asurion)
Where we share your personal data with another company we make sure that they respect your data protection rights too. We do share your personal data with some companies that are based outside the European Economic Area such as India and Philippines 0cf333  – where we have organisations that help with customer care activity and the USA to enable TV stuff.
We only share your data with other controllers if this is directly requested by you, for example for your number porting to a different service provider.

The security of your information is really important to us. Any information sent to us is protected using robust security methods. The methods we use are industry-standard ensuring data is safeguarded whilst being sent over unprotected communications paths such as the internet. When it reaches us, we store it securely and only provide access to it by those authorised. Although we safeguard your personal information once received, Virgin Media cannot guarantee the safety of any personal information you transmit to us using online methods. 0cf333
Our security measures include:
o   Encryption of data where appropriate
o   Regular penetration testing of systems
o   Security controls which protect the entire Virgin Media Information Technology infrastructure from external attack and unauthorised access
o   Regular cyber security assessments of all service providers who may handle your personal data
o   Regular scenario planning and crisis management exercises to ensure we are ready to respond to cyber security attacks and data security incidents
o   Internal policies setting out our data security approach
o   Training for employees on security and privacy
We’ll never ask you for your Virgin Media identification, on-line passwords or PIN numbers directly associated with your Virgin Media account in any unsolicited phone calls or unsolicited emails. In accordance with our Terms and Conditions, you’re responsible for keeping your password and PIN secure and we very strongly recommend you do not disclose them to anyone (unless you wish to authorise them to access your account and potentially incur charges on your account).

We collect and store your data safely and only for the time strictly necessary to operate services provided to you by Virgin Media and/or based on the reasons that we process your personal data.  Afterwards it’ll either be destroyed or anonymised.
When determining the relevant time we store information periods, we take into account factors such as: 
* 	
* 	Legal 	obligation(s) requiring data to be kept for certain periods of time
* 	
* 	(Potential) 	disputes
* 	
* 	Guidelines 	issued by the UK’s data protection authority.
A few examples for how long we’ll keep your data:
o   Unless you ask us not to, we store your generic details (i.e. name, surname, contact details) for up to two years after you stop being our customer, to contact you just in case you change your mind 0cf333
o   In the case of VOD viewing data, we collect and store your TV data for 4 weeks after viewing, after which is deleted or anonymised.
o   We keep your billing data for 7 years, for tax purposes. 0cf333

Here we’ll explain the rights you have regarding your information:
			
Rights
					
What 			does this mean?
					
1.      			The right to be informed
			
 
					
You 			have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily 			understandable information about how we use your information and 			your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the 			information in this Privacy 			Policy.
					
2.      			The right of access
					
You’re 			welcome to ask us what information we have about you, any time you 			like.
			
You 			have the right to obtain access to your information (if we’re 			processing it), and certain other information (similar to that 			provided in this Privacy 			Policy).
			
This 			is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your 			information in accordance with data protection law.
			
We 			won’t charge for this and we’ll do our best to get details 			back within 30 days.
			
Check 			out the Contacting Us section if you want to find out how to get 			access to your information.
			
 
					
3.      			The right to rectification
					
You’re 			entitled to have your information corrected if it’s inaccurate 			or incomplete. Just let us know where to make the changes!
					
4.      			The right to erasure
					
This 			is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple 			terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your 			information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep 			using it. This is not a general 			right to erasure; there are exceptions.+3 0cf333
					
5.      			The right to restrict processing
					
You 			have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your 			information. When processing is restricted, we can still store 			your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of 			people who have asked for further use of their information to be 			‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
					
6.      			The right to data portability
					
You 			have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own 			purposes across different services. e.g. if you decide to switch 			to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your 			relevant information easily between our IT systems and theirs 			safely and securely, without affecting its usability, such as your 			name and address.
					
7.      			The right to object
					
You 			have the right to object to certain types of processing, including 			processing for direct marketing (which we do only with your 			consent).
					
8.      			Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
					
We 			sometimes make automated decisions based on personal information 			you’ve supplied or we’ve collected from others about you.  0cf333			This helps us to make sure the decisions we make are quick, fair 			and correct based on what we know about you.  These automated 			decisions can affect the products and services that we may offer 			you.  We’ll ensure that human intervention is possible 			where there are any concerns about the decision.  We 			want to ensure that decisions about automated decisions such as 			credit approval are fair and transparent. We use technology 			to make decisions automatically or to build profiles about you. 			This technology uses logic that analyses your preferences and how 			you use our products and services, which helps us to improve your 			customer experience, making it more relevant for you and allowing 			you to get the most out of our products and services.  What 			this means for you is that you will regularly receive from us 			personalised content (offers, promotions, TV programmes 			recommendations etc.).
			
We 			also use technology to make decisions automatically based on your 			credit score analysis, which allows us to guarantee your regular 			payments for our products and services. What this means for you is 			that we’ll decide your eligibility for our products and services 			based on your credit history.
		To exercise any of these rights at any time, check out the Contact Us section.

We’ll automatically contact you with regard to your services, for example, with updates to your services, service disruption messages or bill payments.
We may also, subject to your consent, use your personal information to contact you with information about special offers and rewards. But don't worry, your details won't be shared with other companies for marketing purposes without your consent.
If you’ve given consent for us to contact you, then from time to time, we may contact you by mail, telephone, email, other electronic messaging services (such as text, voice, sound or image messages including using automated calling systems) with information about our products and services (including discounts and special offers).
Managing your Marketing Preferences
If you’d like to change your marketing preferences at any time you can do this in the following ways:
* 	
* Sign 	into My 	Virgin Media and 	go to My Profile
* 	
* Log 	into your Virgin 	Mobile account 	and go to My Profile
* 	
* 	Clicking 	on the unsubscribe link in any marketing email from us
* 	
* 	Text 	STOP in reply to a Marketing SMS send by us
* 	
* 	By 	calling us. If you’re a Virgin Media customer (TV, VM Store, 	Broadband and/or landline) call our team on 150 from your landline 	or 0345 454 1111* from any other phone
* 	
* 	If 	you’re a Virgin Mobile customer just call our team on 789 from 	your Virgin Mobile phone, or 0345 6000 789* from any other phone
* 	
* 	By 	writing to us at PO Box 333, Swansea SA7 9BB or emailing us at 	dpo@virginmedia.co.uk
Remember that if you say you don’t wish to receive any promotional material from us, this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions which may be of interest to you.




